Subject: training opportunities
just a reminder - if you are interested in attending either class , please let me know by friday .
thanks !
amy
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy fitzpatrick / pdx / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 08 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
amy fitzpatrick
04 / 04 / 2001 04 : 23 pm
to : portland west desk
cc :
subject : training opportunities
we will be offering 2 training classes over the next few weeks . if you are interested in attending either of these courses , please let me know by friday , april 13 th .
tricks of the trade for analysts in the energy biz
presented by jonathan koomey , phd , staff scientist , lawrence berkeley national lab
date : wednesday , april 18 th
time : 9 : 00 am - 5 : 00 pm
location : to be determined
course outline :
put facts at your fingertips : key references and data sources .
understanding data : pitfalls in data acquisition and handling .
introduction to back of the envelope calculations .
summary of us and western electricity systems .
this course is still in the trial phase and will require each participant to provide feedback as to the course content and overall delivery . class size is limited to 15 participants .
negotiation skills training - fighting fires without burning bridges
presented by steven cohen , president , the negotiation skills company
date : tuesday , may 8 th and wednesday may 9 th
time : 9 : 00 am - 5 : 00 pm
location : to be determined
pre - work : questionnaire outlining your concerns about negotiation .
reading getting to yes by roger fisher and william ury ( provided by enron ) .
course outline :
this workshop introduces the process of interest - based negotiation and reinforces those skills through a carefully structured interactive program . the training provides a group of participants with tools to increase collaboration and reduce conflict .
class size is limited to 18 participants .
if you have any questions regarding either program , please do not hesitate to ask .
thanks !
amy