Subject: real time trading opportunity !
a position has recently become available in the real time trading group reporting to bill williams . bill will be holding an information session on thursday , april 19 , 2001 at 11 : 00 am in mt hood for anyone who would like to learn more about this opportunity . interested candidates should let amy fitzpatrick know by close of business on monday , april 23 , 2001 .
real time trading
real time trading is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of prescheduled energy transactions . this includes managing curtailed schedules and preserving enron ' s financial rights with non - performing trading counterparties . the group is required to maintain records and update databases that explain supply or market interruptions in order to minimize customer billing dispute issues .
in addition , real time trading is responsible for the hourly trading of energy in the california iso and bilateral markets . traders are expected to initiate profitable trades while maintaining an acceptable amount of risk exposure to the company . the group is expected to know all settlements requirements and charges related to each type of trade . each trader is capable of interfacing with customers and responding to internal and external billing inquiries .
real time is required to administer terms of service desk contracts , which may include the selling of excess generation and purchasing energy for customer ' s load requirement . also , each trader is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages , transmission line derations and other information that is useful for all west desk trading activity .
job duties
? confirm purchases and sale of power for enron power marketing
? work closely with volume , risk management , and dispute settlement groups
? aid in preparation of price and deal reports and assist in the resolution of volume / price discrepancies
? interface with service and middle marketing customers to resolve real - time questions and concerns
? assist in testing and implementation of fsp and oati real - time tagging
? work closely with information technology and fundamentals group to maintain and develop real - time tools and systems
qualifications
? bachelors in finance , business , accounting or related field
? 1 to 2 years of previous power industry experience in wscc is preferred .
? excellent problem solving and communication skills
? working knowledge of excel , access , visual basic and sql
? self motivated
? detail oriented