Subject: info session reminder : day ahead scheduling opportunity !
hello all !
just a reminder that jeff richter is patiently waiting in mt . hood to inform all interested candidates about the day ahead scheduling position . stop by to find out more information ! ( he will begin his presentation in just a few moments . )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grace rodriguez / pdx / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
amy fitzpatrick
04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 04 am
to : portland west desk
cc :
subject : day ahead scheduling opportunity !
a position has recently become available on the california desk reporting to jeff richter . jeff will be holding an information session on tuesday , april 24 , 2001 at 11 : 00 am in mt . hood for anyone who would like to learn more about this opportunity . interested candidates should let amy fitzpatrick know by close of business on friday , april 27 , 2001 .
day ahead scheduling / analyst
this individual is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of day - ahead scheduled energy transactions . this includes managing schedules and preserving enron ' s financial rights with non - performing trading counterparties .
in addition , the day ahead scheduler is responsible for some trading of energy in the california iso and bilateral markets both on enron online and through the broker market . traders are expected to initiate profitable trades while maintaining an acceptable amount of risk exposure to the company . the individual is expected to know all settlements requirements and charges related to each type of trade . the trading role requires interfacing with internal and external customers and other desks within west power trading .
the day ahead scheduler is required to administer terms of service desk contracts , which may include the selling of excess generation and purchasing energy for customer ' s load requirement . also , the individual is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages , transmission line derations and other information that is useful for all west desk trading activity .
job duties
? confirm purchases and sale of power for enron power marketing
? create and manage daily position spreadsheet
? involves some weekends
? work closely with volume , risk management , and dispute settlement groups
? assist in the resolution of volume discrepancies within an iso market
? interface with service and middle marketing customers to resolve day - ahead questions and concerns
? assist in testing and implementation of the scheduling applications
? work closely with information technology and fundamentals group to maintain and develop day - ahead tools and systems
? learn sql programming to enhance data analysis
qualifications
? bachelors in finance , business , accounting or related field
? 1 to 2 years of previous power industry experience in wscc is preferred .
? excellent problem solving and communication skills
? working knowledge of excel , access is required . knowledge of visual basic and sql is preferred .
? self motivated
? detail oriented