Subject: re : from edannhaus : las vegas ii power project / 6 / 2 / 01 weekly
activity report no . 2
if the material was not specified in the scope of supply - why is there a cost increase to begin with ?
what is the well water chlorides vs city water . what does the chemistry logs show ?
regards
bill w .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : chmielewski , robert
sent : friday , june 08 , 2001 1 : 54 pm
to : dannhaus , ed
cc : williams , bill ; wisdom , michael
subject : re : from edannhaus : las vegas ii power project / 6 / 2 / 01 weekly activity report no . 2
ed ,
i checked with lvc on tube materials and condenser operating conditions for unit # 1 . unit # 1 has had no indication of corrosion but the water used for cooling tower makeup is well water and is low in chlorides .
units 2 chmielewski , robert
subject : re : from edannhaus : las vegas ii power project / 6 / 2 / 01 weekly activity report no . 2
the drainage ditch issue is still precipated by the eventuality that a sound wall will be constructed . if the sound wall is constructed there will have to be a minimum distance that must be maintained above the 26 foot . the added cost for higher , larger towers have to be considred . the drainage ditch will not be constructed for four years in the future so the transmission lines cannot extend into the easement area .
however , if we put the culverts in now before transmission lines are constructed then the city may allow the penetration into the easement .
for sure if we hang transmission lines into the facility site we will get an interference claim from the contractor .
i will investigate farther the recommended change in condenser materials . as it now stands we are only asking for the additional costs . i have checked the scope of work and it is silent on the tube spec . by copy the wisdom and chemielwski please provide the technical justification for the change in materials . in the days when i was a member of nace ss was not recommendeed in any service that had chlorides in excess of 60 ppm due to stress cracks caused by the chlorides .