Subject: houston flood relief effort
on saturday , june 9 , tropical storm allison left houston in chaos dumping more than 20 inches of rain and flooding the city in a matter of hours . as of sunday night , 17 people had died in the storm and many others are still missing . one of those who perished in the fatal flood was one of our employees , a summer intern in ets and student at texas a & m university , chad garren . our condolences go out to his family and co - workers . at this time , enron community relations and aggies @ enron are planning to establish a scholarship fund in his memory . more information on the fund will be forthcoming .
enron has made a corporate contribution of $ 500 , 000 to the american red cross to aid in the victim relief effort . enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your individual donation . enron will match your contribution dollar for dollar and your donation will not be counted against your $ 15 , 000 annual limit .
although enron is supporting the american red cross , please feel free to make your donation to the non - profit organization of your choice that is offering aid to flood victims ( they must provide proof of their 501 c 3 status ) . please send your check to ebl 635 a before friday , june 15 , and we will send it , along with a matching check to the appropriate agency . on the memo line of your check , please make sure to write " houston flood relief . "
we know that many enron employees have been severely impacted by this devastating flood . enron cares about you and your family and would like to make sure that your immediate needs are being met . if you have been displaced because of the flood , please contact the community relations hotline at ext . 37181 for assistance . also , if you would like to help your co - workers who have been displaced , an account has been set up at the enron federal credit union to accept donations . please bring / send your contribution to the enron federal credit union and make your checks out to employee flood relief .
there are many agencies in houston in need of volunteer assistance . if you would like to volunteer , please e - mail your name and extension to communityrelations @ enron . com . please note if you are willing to lead a project .
again , our hearts go out to chad ' s family and to all of you who have been impacted by this tragedy . please continue to watch your e - mail for more information .