Subject: deadline extended : city jazzfest & psu games
the deadline has been extended to 5 pm today for the city jazzfest and psu vikings games .
please let me know if you are interested !
thanks ,
anna
x 3834
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mehrer , anna
sent : thursday , june 07 , 2001 6 : 23 pm
to : portland west desk
subject : pge park suite talk - first right of refusal
one of the benefits of our suite at pge park is that we have the first right of refusal on non - portland family entertainment events such as psu football games and the city jazzfest concert . ena will periodically receive notices of such events so as to determine our level of interest in purchasing the tickets before they are available to the general public . non - portland family entertainment ticket purchase opportunities are for enron employees , and the tickets may not be resold to outside parties .
if you are interested in purchasing tickets for either the psu football games or city jazzfest , please notify me via e - mail by 2 pm pacific time , friday , june 8 . these tickets are to be purchased by the employee . the entire suite must be purchased by enron employees in order for us to obtain the tickets . twenty - two tickets per event are available : 18 are seats and stools , 4 are standing room .
? the price for city jazzfest ( sunday , july 15 ) is $ 916 for 22 tickets = about $ 42 per ticket .
? the price for all 6 psu vikings games ( 22 tickets each ) is $ 1 , 404 : about $ 11 per game , per person , and all 6 games must be purchased .
we will proceed with ticket purchase and distribution after you establish your commitment .
please let me know if you have any questions .
best regards ,
anna
x 3834
description of city jazzfest : this full day music fest will feature jeff lorber , spyro gyra , marc antoine and the headlining package , dave koz & friends including michael mcdonald , brian culbertson and norman brown . the show is produced by house of blues concerts . an intimate concert setting has been developed at pge park that will feel like a small amphitheatre , but with all the new amenities pge park has to offer .