Subject: re : montana power company ( mpc ) energy imbalance
i ' ll convey your efforts to mpc . thanks , john
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : williams iii , bill
sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 4 : 03 pm
to : malowney , john
cc : bland , todd ; dean , craig ; guzman , mark ; harasin , leaf ; linder , eric ; merris , steven ; meyers , bert ; porter , david v . ; slinger , ryan ; solberg , geir ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill
subject : re : montana power company ( mpc ) energy imbalance
john ,
we have asked every single counterparty in the nw to sell us energy . we bid $ 300 to powerx and were told that they were abiding by the cap .
we are working hard to get them the energy that they need and will continue to do so .
bill
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : malowney , john
sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 3 : 38 pm
to : williams iii , bill
cc : portland shift
subject : montana power company ( mpc ) energy imbalance
bill ; mike cashell ( mpc ' s transmission mgr . ) just phoned me concerned , because mpc ' s real - time group requested epmi purchase energy for them under our existing energy imbalance structure , and was notified by our real - time group that due to the newly implemented ferc price cap , we were have difficulty securing any resources . just to clarify things , we are settling mpc ' s choice customers energy imbalance position , and pp & l montana has the right to any length resulting from mpc ' s " domestic " load energy imbalance . in other words mpc is settling two separate energy imbalance accounts , so during the hour they may be turning energy back to pp & l montana , while at the same time finding themselves short for the choice loads . during the recent bullish pricing conditions , choice customer were leaving themselves long , as of late , mpc is experiencing the choice customers doing the opposite , positioning themselves short . the net result is that mpc will most likely be expecting us to fill a short position from this point on , so i ' d really like to see what we can do to honor their requests , mindful of the favorable position we ' ve enjoyed over the last several months . let me know if you ' d like to discuss this further , or better yet if you ' ve got a workable solution to the problem . in the meantime , thanks again to you and your staff for the outstanding performance thus far in dealing with mpc . john