Subject: global risk management operations organization announcement
i am pleased to announce the following changes in the global risk management operations organization :
bob hall will lead operations for enron americas . bob previously served as one of the business controllers for gas operations for enron americas , with direct responsibility for gas logistics and volume management . the leadership team reporting to bob will include peggy hedstrom ( calgary operations ) , jeff gossett ( u . s . gas risk and south america operations ) , stacey white ( u . s . power risk ) , leslie reeves ( u . s . gas and power confirmations and settlements ) , and bob superty ( u . s . gas logistics ) .
brent price will continue to lead operations for enron global markets and fulfill his dual role as chief accounting officer for enron global markets .
i am very pleased to announce that kevin sweeney will lead operations for enron industrial markets . kevin brings to his new role extensive risk and operations experience from stints in our houston , london and singapore offices . kevin fills the role that was previously held by brenda herod , who will now report directly to beth apollo .
beth apollo will be the operations project manager for the assimilation of ees wholesale . this will include deal capture , risk analysis , confirmations , and global data functions which have been moved into ews under global risk management operations . successfully leveraging the infrastructure to support the ees business plan will also require close coordination with gas logistics , settlements and the operational analysis ( oa ) process , and beth will actively coordinate operations efforts with these teams and the commercial teams . i have asked beth to project manage the effort to look for opportunities to streamline and improve systems , processes and controls , and to consider alignment , where it makes sense , with existing ews processes . reporting to beth will be scott mills , with a focus on deal capture , risk analysis and confirmations , and brenda herod , with a focus on invoicing control guidelines and reporting requirements .
beth will also continue to manage the global services function , which includes the consolidated dpr process and global operations standards , led by shona wilson , and the global data function which is lead by james scribner .
mike jordan will continue to lead operations for enron europe , working closely with me and other ews operations leads to insure the proliferation of best operational practices worldwide for enron .
thanks for your continued support especially in exploring and seizing commercial opportunities to strengthen our contributions to enron .