Subject: hoping for portland :
hey there ogre ! ! : ) just teasing ! ! !
well unfortunately i ' m still up in the air over the portland thing . it
doesn ' t make it any easier when i know that not only does one of my best
friends reside there but now i have a new lil ' buddy ! i am so excited about
seeing portland and meeting you . you are just as brendan described ! i just
can ' t imagine that that big deep voice comes out of such a baby face !
bill you know just how to push all the right buttons to get me to really
want to go ! the second paragraph of your last e - mail made me so jealous !
that was probably the most romantic setting and scene and to think that it
was written by a man ! ! ! i am sooo impressed ! you might not even know what
i ' m talking about ! typical male ! hahaha . just in case . . . " the roof
scene " . what ' s even better is that you weren ' t trying to be suave !
i think that your little " city portrayal " has just entered into the
. . . " things about oregon i know i ' m going to love " . now we ' ll see if sarah
has an open roof top ! you did miss a couple of important features though .
if i may . . . uh hmmm . . . the scene lacks a certain social depth . it requires
a beautiful girl / guy , a light blanket , soft music and if i drank wine ( which
i don ' t ) a bottle of boones farm strawberry hill 1993 . ok the last part is
a joke i just don ' t know any other brands of wine . : ) a nice bottled water
with lemon for me i suppose . reverse osmosis and filtration only . : )
i ' m sending a couple of pic ' s of me from my tahoe snowboarding trip last
december . they are actually the only ones i have in jpg format . i think
the only differences are that i have a little curlier hair now and it ' s a
bit longer . but basically i ' m the same .
tell ya what . . . if i do get to go i will get a hotel room not because i
don ' t trust you etc . but because it ' s just the " right " thing to do . then
i ' ll give you a call or stalk your condo building looking for the resident
on the 8 th floor ? ? answering to bill williams iii and that hangs out on
rooftops . oh and the clencher ? ? ? it ' s located across the street from the
paramount hotel . scary how i listen and pay attention to detail isn ' t it ?
you know i ' m joking . . . . right ? if i were like that i ' d jump at the chance
to stay with you .
i really hope that i get to make it tomorrow . if not i know i ' ll get to see
you last of august . i ' m counting on it ! oh and you will stay with me at
the town house . i insist . it ' s a little different when a girl stays with a
guy then when a guy stays with a girl . it just " looks " better the other way
around ! but like i said you will stay with me in august . i ' m 10 minutes to
the beach and maybe by then i ' ll have my california tan ! mmmm ! can ' t beat
that !
ok well i ' m going to bed . i ' ll call you to let you know what the plans are .
my plane leaves at 9 : 19 am so i may not get the chance to e - mail you before
hand but we ' ll see .
good night !
nik
send a cool gift with your e - card
http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter /