Subject: damn the weather ! ! ! !
hey there ! !
oh i was sooo upset ! it didn ' t rain , thunder , sprinkle shoot it wasn ' t even
humid or misty ! i got screwed ! : ) ok it wasn ' t all that bad . i actually
had a really great time . imagine someone actually going on vacation to see
it pour rain . sick sick individual !
let ' s see the first day all we did was tour the city and allow lil ' miss
nikki to be a spy ! portland was great no wonder you live in the middle of
down town . there were so many things to do and see ! unfortunately because
we didn ' t exactly have a good idea of where to go and so on and so forth we
just wondered around aimlessly .
then on saturday we all drove to astoria . . . you knew i just had to go ! ! it
was great ! absolutely beautiful ! on the way we stopped at the fresh berry
market and had the most amazing berries ! ! ! oh they were good ! next we ate
at a little fish place mmmm . . . clam chowder and fried seafood . then went to
cannon beach . what a great little town ! i bought some pulled taffy and
some hot chocolate and was in heaven ! alot of the beach sites , ( for
example haystack rock ) were in the goonies film . then of course i found the
little hotel that " kindergarten cop " was filmed in . what a loser i was
taking pictures like a fool !
bill you don ' t understand , for years and years every saturday after cartoons
i would pop " kc " into the vcr . i loved it ! ok ok dorky but hey you have to
have some abnormalities in your life .
then if you haven ' t been here i am going to be the one to take you for your
first time . . . . if you ' ll let me . and hey don ' t get any wild hairs about
exploring this before hand mister ! ! ! i ' m the tour guide on this baby ! ! ! : )
it ' s outside of cannon beach just past hug point . it ' s a little trek called
falcon cove . you can reach the beach and it is the most beautiful hike we
went on .
finally we drove back into town and ate at the most discusting little dive
downtown ! bush gardens ? ? ? ? blech ! horrible i felt like i had licked the
hair on my dogs butt ! oooo it was just gross .
then of course i got to meet you . that was a nice highlight to my trip .
you rate right up there along side the " kc " hotel rooms . yeah i kinda like
ya ! : )
next morning i ate the best breakfast of my entire life . not kidding ! it ' s
something like the otwalia ? ? ? it ' s in the westin hotel . ok we all shared
our plates so this was our breakfasts . . . sarah got a fruit plate , i got eggs
benedict and todd got pecan encrusted french toast with orange zing butter
and syrup . swear to god that is the first place i want to go to eat when i
get to go back . ok it was a little pricey though . not tooo bad . it was
31 . 25 for 3 of us . not alot but breakfast is usually like 5 bucks !
the next two days were spent in hood river / cascade lockes . we hiked the
mananomah ( whatever ) falls the next day we rented bikes and rode them around
the town of stevens , wa . 15 miles ! i was really hurting by that night ! 3 / 4
of the trail was up hill ! oh my tail end hurt like crazy ! in steven ' s we
ate at a little snack shop . it was probably one of the better places ! oh
what was it ' s name ? ? ? oh little viking ' s . really cute place . you ' ve gotta
go ! oh one more that i won ' t recommend . . . tugboat annie ' s in hood river .
again i felt like i had given an atb to someone ! too fancy . i ' m a meat and
potatoe girl . that fancy stuff is nice sometimes but usually they just over
do it .
we ate at stanford ' s the last day and it was another fancy place . i ordered
onion rings and they were good . the salad was horrible ! so on a food
rating scale portland / oregon recieves a 70 % . i guess i ' m just not going to
the right places .
as you can tell by the length of this i am at work and needing to use some
of my time up ! you are the poor sap i ' ve chosen since you don ' t know me
yet .
well the move out date is set for me . i move out on july 31 . i ' m not too
sure when the townhouse will be available though so i ' m playing it by ear .
do you have any idea when your trip out there might fall ? if you have a
ball park idea that might be nice until you get concrete dates . i just want
to be sure that i ' m off of work as much as possible the day or days that you
have elected to spend with me . that is if you still want to spend them with
me . i mean i did sort of stalk your house and found out where you
lived . . . . that can ' t be good ! : )
ok i honestly and sincerely feel bad about that whole situation . i ' m just
sort of a small town girl who knows that those things really aren ' t
appropriate but do them regardless . you ' ll understand once we become better
friends ! i warned you a little though . i did say that i was spontaneous
and might just show up on your doorstep . well there you go i did !
please don ' t tell brendan . you probably already did ! i actually need to
e - mail him and tell him what a sweetheart he is for introducing me to you .
the small amount of time i got to spend with you was very nice . i look
forward to doing that again sometime . we ' ll just up hte time slot a hair .
ok i will let your weary eyes seetle back to work . oh i did receive your
voicemail on my phone but it was in nm . i wouldn ' t have had time anyhow but
thank you for your hospitality and the offer . i can ' t wait to reciprocate
it in cali . !
take care ,
nikki
send a cool gift with your e - card
http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter /