Subject: stranger ? ? ?
hi there stranger !
well i haven ' t spoken to you or heard from you in a few days and i ' m just
checkin ' to see that my lil ' buddy in portland isn ' t working himself too
hard . as you know i tried to call you tonight but then had to leave for a
workout and a scrimmage soccer game . i am so sore ! it ' s out of control !
ok so down to the real reason i ' m writing . brendan and i had a great time
at happy hour . we talked a little about you but mostly about life in
general . he had mentioned that he had e - mailed me so i rushed home to check
it .
basically he said all good things but there was one thing that struck me as
odd . i guess because he also brought the same point up at the restraunt .
he had written that although you thought i was cool and whatever you had
commented on how " strange " the situation was and he sort of elaborated on
that .
so the point of this e - mail is i guess to reassure you that i only have the
best intentions towards you . i am not trying to be your girlfriend or
anything similar to that . to tell you the truth i don ' t even know what your
" romantic " situation is . i just think you are an awesome guy whom i ' d love
to become close friends with .
i am ecstatic that you are coming to visit me in huntington beach ( if you
still are ) and i ' m thrilled that we can go sight seeing touring together . i
bragged and bragged to brendan about what a great guy you were and then came
home to feel like maybe you were taken back by my advances . i really am
just a very overly affectionate and loving person ( not to mention
spontaneous ) . i didn ' t mean to scare you away from having a great
friendship with me and me with you .
for heavens sake you are my portland connection and i ' m your beach bum
buddy . honestly if i were a psycho i would have jumped at the chance to
come up and see your condo when you offered . i just think you are someone
i ' d love to get to know . especially if you are anything like brendan ( which
best friends usually are ) he is such a sweetie ! when he and meg go to visit
her mom in la they might just stop over for a visit and of course they are
welcome to stay with me as well .
i guess i never asked if you had a girlfriend or someone in your life and to
be quite honest i didn ' t even think to ask brendan because it ' s not
important . i want you , bill , for your friendship and for your companionship
now and when i move to portland . reflecting back i realize that i may have
written or said something that caught you off guard . it ' s just my
personality . i ' m a huge flirt . for heavens sake i was voted " most
flirtatious " my senior year not to mention " most likely to succeed " .
probably the second one due to the first but who knows ! hahaha ! i ' m only
teasing .
ok seriously now bill , i want you to be honest . if i did ( locating your
condo etc . ) or said ( like that was the most romantic thing i had ever read
that was written by a guy ) something to upset you or give you a false
impression i am so sorry . i do find you attractive and perhaps if we lived
in the same town or had met a little differently or for that matter i knew
your " romantic " stiuation , yeah i would have jumped at the chance to have
dated you . but we didn ' t and the truth is i can never have too many
friends . especially good looking ones that i can introduce to all my " girl "
friends so that they can be jealous with envy ! : )
like i said i only have the best of intentions towards you and towrds our
relationship as friends . but if you are uncomfortable with something i ' ve
done or said i am so very sorry and all you have to do is tell me or e - mail
me and you ' ll never hear from me again . scouts honor ! i ' ve never been a
scout but i ' m not know for my lies either . teehee .
i would love to hear any concerns that you might have in regards to our
realtionship as friends . if i can i ' ll put your mind at ease if not well i
enjoyed our short 30 minute interlude . as always you are still welcome to
come visit me and stay with me i would love to have the company .
if i don ' t hear form you within the next couple of weeks i ' ll assume the
worst but still try to keep my schedule as flexible as possible in case you
change your mind . i ' m lucky in the fact that i can do that sort of thing !
: ) ok just e - mail me or call me . let me know that you are alive and
kickin ' .
i ' ll be leaving for calgary , canada this thursday morning at 6 am and will
be there until the 16 th . i ' m so excited this is my first trip out of
country but then again you know that ! so i guess i ' ll hear from you when i
hear from you .
i just thought of a last possible reason . . . i may be way off base here but i
am not sure if you know the situation between my boyfriend and myself . he
is a real sweetheart and he ' s going to make a wonderful husband and
father . . . just not with me . if you are concerned about our friendship and
him becoming weird well the majority of my friends are guys and todd is
secure enough in himself that he doesn ' t care . if this is about august and
you staying with me , my father is moving me down not him and it will be a
long time until he can come to visit . also when i get there we are not
going to continue a long distance exclusive relationship . i haven ' t dated
or had much of a wild stage and i have told him that we will see other
people . he ' s fine with that as well .
ok i admit that his potland stunt was a little irrational but hey i thought
it was thoughtful and darling . i love surprises and little " extras " . i
just didn ' t expect to have made plans and make myself look like the bad guy
to someone whom i ' d never met . therefore i did everything in my power to
rectify the situation and make both sides happy and in doing so caused this .
you think i ' m a psycho ! not to mention i had to face brendan and before he
could read my e - mail you had already revealed the stroy to him ! ! so i got
to be embarrssed and a little humbled by the whole experience !
ok that ' s it . take it however you will but it ' s 12 : 51 am and i ' m exhausted !
i did the best i could to figure out and fix a possibly non - existing
problem . i hope i did well enough to inspire a response from you . : ) hope
to hear or read from you soon !
goodnight and god bless ,
nikki
send a cool gift with your e - card
http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter /