Subject: caiso notification : revised draft iso charge matrix and statement
file specification ( vl 3 . 2 ) - ferc order implementation - to be effective
trade date june 21 , 2001
sc settlement contacts :
important notice
revised iso charge matrix and
* emissions and
* mcp for real time incremental energy .
the adder raises the mcps , but does not affect the underlying settlement
formulation . the only change made to the settlement files is the inclusion
of a new data field for the unadjusted mcp .
emissions and start - up cost recovery
the ferc order also directed iso to exclude emissions and start - up fuel
costs from the calculation of iso ' s mitigated market clearing prices .
generators can invoice iso for such costs incurred as a direct result of iso
dispatch actions . iso will implement two new charges :
* charge type 591 - emissions cost recovery ; and
* charge type 592 - start - up cost recovery .
these new charges serve as a mechanism for iso to collect funds which will
be kept in trust accounts to pay the generators ' invoices . a rate will be
established by iso for each charge . for emissions cost recovery , the rate
will equal that of the forecasted annual total of all emission costs ,
incurred by must - offer generators as a direct result of iso dispatch
instructions , adjusted for interest as may accrue in the emissions cost
trust account , divided by the sum of the forecasted in - state load served by
the iso ' s transmission system . for start - up cost recovery , the rate will be
determined similarly . it will equal that of the forecasted annual total of
all start - up costs , incurred by must - offer generators as a direct result of
iso dispatch instructions , adjusted for interest as may accrue in the
start - up cost trust account , divided by the sum of the forecasted in - state
load served by the iso ' s transmission system . iso plans to publish these
rates shortly . the rates may be adjusted monthly based on iso ' s latest
forecast .
both charges will appear as monthly lump sums in the scheduling
coordinator ' s settlement statement for the last day of the trade month .
detail breakdown of the charges incurred by the scheduling coordinator on a
given day will be provided in the statement for that day .
implementation timeline
the credit risk adder and the new emission & start - up cost recovery scheme
went into effect on trade date 6 / 21 / 2001 . the statements for 6 / 21 will be
issued on 8 / 15 / 2001 .
comments & questions
attached for your review are drafts of the revised charge matrix and
statement files specification ( version 13 . 2 ) .
questions and comments related to the attached documents can be directed to
mr . c . p . ng via email ( cng @ caiso . com ) . iso plans to finalize the
specification by 8 / 6 / 2001 .
> >
client relations communication
crcommunications @ caiso . com