Subject: re : generator checkouts and control area services
so , do you mean we have to call every hour ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : williams iii , bill
sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 2 : 35 pm
to : anderson , john ; bland , todd ; dean , craig ; guzman , mark ; harasin , leaf ; linder , eric ; merriss , steven ; meyers , bert ; porter , david v . ; slinger , ryan ; solberg , geir ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill
cc : rawson , lester
subject : generator checkouts and control area services
importance : high
group ,
i received a call from warren mcreynold at the bpa today . warren was concerned with the level of service that our group is providing . warren explained to me the necessity and importance of calling in and reporting the actual amount of energy generated by grays harbor and frontier every hour . the group at bpa cannot close their accounting books and meet reliability performance measures without our information . i am meeting with warren on tuesday . warren is inclined to recommend to bpa that we are incapable of this service because of our inconsistent performance . such a recommendation would severely limit enron ' s ability to produce value for our service customers in the near term and would likely prevent us from attracting new customers . i believe that we can provide warren ' s group with the information that it needs with minimal impact to our trading .
therefore :
we must call grays harbor and frontier at the top of every hour . then we need to call bpa and communicate the actual energy generated , not an estimate . finally , sign off the hour in the services book . les has provided us with the needed information for each day . reserves can only be used for the hour that we are in , than we must resupply the schedule from a different source by working with the bpa marketers . if you have a question regarding reserves or pulling a schedule - - please call les or me .
if this process takes more than 5 minutes , please let me know . it is each trader ' s responsibilty to make this work . it should be noted that we need to do this even if the generator is prescheduled , and must to continue to do this until these generators are automatically metered . and yes , we will be compensated by the services desk for our work .
this service is a priority and should be treated as such .
please see me with your comments and concerns regarding this job function .
thanks ,
bill