Subject: practice sunday at 1
green roomers ,
declan has informed me of the following info . . .
" brad said that biddys have a practice game every sunday at lpm at the high
school
just off 30 th and powell ( cleveland high i think ) . they would like us to
practice with them each week . "
let ' s plan on fielding a team each sunday at 1 : 00 to play the old biddy ' s
team . should be a good way to stay in shape and organized as a team . hope
to see you there on sunday and if any other news comes up i will drop you a
line .
jon
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : jon gail
sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 09 pm
to : ' jon _ bloomfield @ rsausa . com ' ; adam van loon ( e - mail ) ; bil williams
( e - mail ) ; brian vargo ( e - mail ) ; declan o ' connor ( e - mail ) ; greenroom
( e - mail ) ; jake fox ( e - mail ) ; jay flint ( e - mail ) ; keith witcosky
( e - mail ) ; kevin murray ( e - mail ) ; matt neill ( e - mail ) ; mike zotter
( e - mail ) ; robert halstead ( e - mail ) ; tim canfield ( e - mail ) ; tom
williamson ( e - mail ) ; tory hoff ( e - mail ) ; tristan brunin ( e - mail ) ;
' williamson , john ' ; ' tom williamson ' ; ' stibolt , martin ' ; ' mike
brochaus ' ; ' kevin mcdowell ' ; john mackay ( e - mail )
subject : the green room
green roomies ,
we are registered for fall outdoor soccer in the lst division . in first
division we ' ll have our work cut out for us but i think we ' ll do fine and
have fun . the first game is sept . 9 th at 12 : 00 with 9 more games each week
thereafter . i do not know the locations yet but will get that out as soon
as i do . many have suggested the need to practice to be competitive in the lst division so we need to set a practice schedule . how do tuesday and
thursday nights look for you guys ? we also need a field we can count
on . . . . ideas anyone ? in the meantime we all need to be keeping our fitness
in mind . . . running twice a week 4 - 6 miles would be a good start . if we can
hit the fall season in good shape and well organized i am sure we ' ll be a
very competitive lst division team . i have been paid by mike z . , kevin ,
adam , scott , jon b . , mike b . , jay , justin , declan , tristan , and jacob . the
rest of you still need to mail $ 50 to jon gail 8573 sw dakota drive ,
tualatin or 97062 if you want to play . again please send me your
suggestions regarding practice fields and let me know if you have any
questions . later ,
jon gail , manager
503 - 691 - 8067