Subject: re : kathy from epe ' s answer
amy -
that ' s the best news i ' ve heard all day ! looks like we ' re getting this checkout process down to a science . as far as the new scheduling fee , i ' m being told that we ' re still negotiating a way to enter this into enpower . i ' ll let you know once i ' ve talked with cara and greg to determine whether or not it will be a price adjustment per mw on each deal or a lump sum annuity each month . in the meantime , just let me know when you have more information on the buy - resale prices - i think i have an answer for you .
thanks ,
kate
503 - 464 - 3939
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : clemons , amy
sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 3 : 11 pm
to : symes , kate
subject : fw : kathy from epe ' s answer
importance : high
kate - kathy has asked me about this annuity :
" you will be billing us an annuity for $ 43 , 708 . 25 for the month of
july for a scheduling fee of 25 cents per mwh associated with our
preschedules that portland puts together for us . this will continue from
now on . could you lump this monthly amount in with our total mwh purchase
amount on the invoice ? "
where will i see this ? i need it to be entered into enpower in order to bill them - also , will this be captured in the model ?
let me know - that is the only question i have for july - except : the br in the model is different fromt he br prices in enpower . i am trying to figuire where they are off . once i do , that will be the only change ( besides this annuity ) that i will need you to make - the reconciliation this month was great ! ! ! ! ! ! thanks so much for your attention ! - amy
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : semperger , cara
sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 3 : 17 pm
to : wolfe , greg
cc : clemons , amy ; gang , lisa
subject : kathy from epe ' s answer
kathy had a meeting with rodger and the accounting people at epe , and they want to just show everything on the sheet and not do any billing changes in the individual deals . i explained your point and validated that i thought it would help them later with the puc stuff . she told me that she is talking to our settlements person in houston ( amy clemons ) and wants to show it as just part of the overall invoice number each month instead of breaking it out . she said that would accomplish the same thing .
pete is out of the office until monday , but they are going to get his final blessing on this before the final ok is given on procedure .
let me know if there is anything further i need to do on this .
c