Subject: caiso notice - june 19 ferc order - emissions and start up cost
calculations
iso market participants :
in the federal energy regulatory commission ( " ferc " ) june 19 order , the
california independent system operator corporation ( " iso " ) was directed to
pay generators for air district mitigation fees associated with nox
emissions as incurred by generators required to run in accordance with iso
dispatch instructions . the iso specifically was ordered to develop an
emission allowance charge assessed against all in - state load served on or
through the iso controlled grid in order to recover nox emission mitigation
costs which would be used to pay eligible generators for such mitigation
costs . in compliance , the iso filed , on july 10 , 2001 , proposed tariff
revisions to develop :
1 . ) a rate for the emission allowance charge ,
2 . ) an escrow account for monies collected ;
3 . ) a process through which generators would submit to the iso invoices
for emission mitigation fees ; and
4 . ) a payment process through which the iso would pay for such
mitigation costs .
in a market notice posted on august 1 , 2001 , the iso published the initial
emission allowance charge rate . the iso has developed details of the
methodology and calculations used to develop this rate and posted this
information at http : / / www . caiso . com / docs / 2001 / 07 / 12 / . html
.
the june 19 ferc order also directed the iso to exclude start - up fuel costs
from the calculation of the mitigated market clearing price , and instead , to
pay generators for such start - up fuel costs , in the same way as the iso is
to handle emission mitigation costs and fees . in a market notice posted on
august 1 , 2001 , the iso published the initial start - up fuel charge rate .
the iso has modified the previously posted start - up fuel charge rate and
provided details of the methodology and calculation used to develop this
rate . this information is also posted at
.
cr communications