Subject: re : mpc march 2001
b -
we have checked out with our counterparties according to our numbers , but mpc claims they have done their control area checkouts and they stick by their numbers . there is a grey line here because the mw ' s that we are missing on those 5 days are actually ' in favor ' of the counterparty who we sold to , so it may be that they had a discrepancy , but did not pipe up .
none - the - less , if i ' adjust our system accordingly ' ( meaning , put the trades in or increase the # of mw ' s ) , we ' ll have to hear from those counterparties . i ' m planning on telling them that the control area checkouts have been done and that they need to check their control area numbers . i think sandy at mpc will be willing to support us if our sale counterparties want proof .
let me know if you have any other thoughts .
thanks to kate for all her help .
va
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : williams iii , bill
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 4 : 20 pm
to : thompson , virginia
subject : re : mpc march 2001
what do you mean adjust our system according to mpc ' s numbers until you do ?
are we correct ? if the answer is yes . tell mpc we are correct , we have checked out with our counterparties ( thereby verifying our incredible correctness ) , but . . because we love them so much . . . we will . . . this time only . . . take it in the proverbial shorts . next time . . . it will of course . . . be there turn . . .
good luck and thanks for your help .
b
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : thompson , virginia
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 4 : 15 pm
to : williams iii , bill
cc : symes , kate
subject : mpc march 2001
bill -
as we have been back and forth for 5 months now , there has to be a decision made on the montana imbalance piece for march 2001 .
kate and i have done everything to find information to support ours or mpc ' s numbers and we have knocked out most of the issues , however , there are 6 discrepancies that we do not agree on and both we and mpc are standing on our numbers . i have filled out tape requests for these 6 . please keep in mind , though , that we do not have access to these tapes ( and have not had since april ) . these requests will go to tim .
five disputes are for mw or to add a deal . these will be deals that we will not be negatively affected by as we will pass them thru to another counterparty . the only problem i can forsee is that the other counterparty will dispute the ' pass thru ' , especially since we have already checked out with them .
only one dispute ( a pricing issue ) could potentially leave us with a negative $ 1500 dpr .
i need you to make the call today . kate has the tape requests in her posession as well as all of the backup information from the research that we have done .
if i don ' t hear from you by tomorrow morning , i ' ll adjust our system according to mpc ' s numbers until i do .
thanks ,
virginia