Subject: re : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared
if you want to send this , go ahead . like i said , i just sent her something to this effect . come to think of it , this might unnecessarily anger her and the rest of the confirms posse . i ' ll get to it this afternoon .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : williams iii , bill
sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 9 : 26 am
to : symes , kate
subject : re : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared
how about this ?
evelyn ,
please try to send or copy any emails to me at williams iii , bill . not williams , bill . this email went to bill williams with enron who happen to be in sweden . . .
kate symes will be taking care of your spreadsheet when she has an opportunity . as you may be aware we have recently brought out enrononline to the hourly market . we have seen a dramatic increase in volumes , and priorities have shifted as a result . daily deadlines must be met . we are working on our deal entry accuracy . i appreciate your patience , we will attend to this issue shortly .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : williams , bill
sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 1 : 17 am
to : williams iii , bill
subject : fw : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared
again to me by mistake .
sk ? ? l
da .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : metoyer , evelyn
sent : ti 2001 - 08 - 28 15 : 01
to : alport , kysa ; symes , kate
cc : williams , bill ; murphy , melissa ann
subject : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared
please find attached an excel spreadsheet of bloomberg deals i can ' t seem to match up with our deals in enpower . this is for august 1 through august 22 . none of these deals have bloomberg as the broker in enpower . i was told in june to allow a two day grace period before the deals should be in enpower and that did not occur .
please let me know if there is anything i can do to help resolve these problems .
>
evelyn metoyer
enron networks
713 - 853 - 3389