Subject: re : e - request 53597 - darin presto
lisa -
i ' m still attempting to get our three new traders set up with the necessary lotus notes databases . i just tried to login as darin presto , and it appears he does not yet have an id . could you let me know what more i need to do to get these guys access to the following lotus notes databases ?
thanks ,
kate
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : symes , kate
sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 3 : 46 pm
to : enron messaging security ,
subject : re : e - request 53597 - darin presto
lisa -
thanks for looking into this , and for your quick response . i ' m not sure which databases you ' re looking at ( possibly east real time ? ) , but i ' ve attached a list of the four databases the new portland real time traders need access to . the traders names are : darin presto ; john c . anderson ; michael mier . of course , their need for a lotus notes account is implicit in this request . beyond that , they need the following :
title - wscc outages
server - ectpdx - lnl / ect
filename - mail \ wsccnet . nsf
title - west realtime
server - ectpdx - lnl / ect
filename - mail \ westreal . nsf
title - west power scheduling archive
server - ecthou _ lnl / ect
filename - power \ powrschdiarchive . nsf
title - west power scheduling discussion
server - ecthou _ lnl / ect
filename - power \ powrschdi . nsf
again , thank you for your help with this , and please let me know if there ' s anything i can do to help .
thanks ,
kate
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : enron messaging security ,
sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 3 : 17 pm
to : symes , kate
subject : e - request 53597 - darin presto
there are two databases which i cannot locate :
west realtime
wscc outages
however , i did locate :
real time operations : ectpdx - lnl / ect \ realtime \ myaccoun . nsf ( would this be the correct database ? )
realtime : ecthou - ln 7 / ect \ mail \ realtime . nsf
for wscc outages and west realtime databases , if you could locate someone who does have access to these databases and ask them to do the following :
close the database icon
right - click on the database icon
choose file , database , properties
then send me the title , server , and filename information . this will be of great help .
many thanks and please advise .
lisa scully