Subject: organizational announcement
with the departure of greg wolfe and holli krebs , it is necessary to reestablish responsibilities to assure our continued success . to this end :
chris foster will assume responsibility for the services desk in addition to retaining overall responsibility for the middle market coverage group . although he will continue to provide leadership to john , paul and stewart in managing the middle market coverage effort , chris will focus his day - to - day efforts on our services business .
john malowney , paul choi and stewart rosman will be taking a greater leadership role within the coverage group . within this coverage group , john malowney will assume a leadership role for industrials throughout the wscc , stewart rosman will assume responsibility for public utilities , ious and public / federal utilities in the northwest and northern california and paul choi will cover these same sectors in the southwest and southern california . although each of these individuals will take the lead in assuring coverage for their market segment , it will be done on a collaborative basis to take advantage of individual relationships and talents and to make sure there is back - up if someone is out of the office . additional personnel will be hired in the middle market coverage group within the next month . job postings will be made shortly .
bill williams will continue to manage the real time group and will now report to tim belden .
lisa gang will move into the services group to help manage our scheduling agreement with el paso and provide support for other services arrangements . this will be effective september 10 . lisa gang , les rawson , and stan cocke will report to chris foster and endeavor to expand our already successful services business .
while we will miss holli and greg personally , i have complete confidence that the new energy and fresh ideas that their departure brings will assure our market leader position will not compromised .