Subject: testing psw and path confirmation for target date 6 / 20
good morning / afternoon / evening ;
i started working in june 22 to test path cut capabilities . i was able to save a cut path .
please make sure that bill williams iii and whomever he designates has access to enpower testp so that i can walk them through the app when it is ready . right now it looks like mark guzman and kate symes will be the voice of west real time .
a real time question :
when enpower is taken down for maintenance , as it sometimes is at night , will this application still function ? if not , we need to find a way for the real time crew to be able to access this information when enpower is being maintained .
re - running june 20 th as a completely new day : this entire test was done in local enpower
preschedule workspace :
running build route report :
criteria selection - unable to select criteria for build route , got " list index out of bounds ( 4 ) " error * needs fix
error checking - took 1 : 29 , produced a line by line error sheet that is printable , * accepted
but routing errors for lines 19 - 223 in the cob sheet produced a routing error that just states " error : " no reason . we need to know why an error is shown ( was run after all routes were deleted ) * needs fix
uploading to the path confirm area : * accepted mid c - 1 : 53 rockies - 0 : 22 palo 1 : 11 cob 0 : 49 ( row 69 generated a general sql error message )
this is showing physical and non - physical right .
daily summary function
* needs fix or workaround - would not work at all , got 3 error messages . " unable to locate " " can ' t find last row ! " , and " failed to export summary ! " this is going to create a csv file right to the agg sched vol report now according to mr . poston , i am thrilled to hear it .
routing
mid c - 13 : 27 rockies - 2 : 23 palo 7 : 56 cob 5 : 12 the time is fine .
* * needs fix * * the routes are still not showing designated physical or non - physical properly . all are coming through as non - physical . this is must be fixed prior to release for production as our wscc fee pulls directly from this data in deal scheduling .
path confirmation :
speed is very much an issue here , i had mark guzman sit with me while i cut a path and when i confirmed a group of paths . the confirmation of 5 paths as a group took 70 seconds from the time i entered the name and hit the " ok " button until the confriming was completed . this is too long , we need this to be 20 - 30 seconds max . currently , this process takes about 10 seconds in lotus . confriming 2 paths with the 20 th fully populated took 1 : 39 .
cutting a path went fast enough until i closed the screen to go back to the confirmation report . this also took over a minute . this is another 10 second process in lotus .
one little housekeeping thing , can we move the delete button away from the confirm button ? perhaps on the other side of the exit button ? this will save us mucho headaches later . or make the dialog box look more like a warning that a record has been selected for deletion ?
all of the sorting looks great , the paths are represented properly , we are very very close !
real time discussion :
where are we on this ? i heard initial rumblings , but nothing lately .
here are the sheets that i have used to create data for 6 / 20
i can do more testing or net meeting stuff tomorrow until about 10 : 30 , but after that i have to be a scheduler for a couple of hours .
thanks ,
cara