Subject: fw : building business acumen
any interest ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : fitzpatrick , amy
sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 9 : 48 am
to : calger , christopher f . ; belden , tim
subject : fw : building business acumen
do you think that the below course would be beneficial for anyone on your teams ? this is a pilot . . . . .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : o ' rourke , tim
sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 39 pm
to : clyatt , julie ; barnard , marla ; buck , gary ; cash , michelle ; corteselli , gina ; davies , neil ; doucet , dawn ; fitzpatrick , amy ; funkhouser , shanna ; indivero , michael ; knudsen , sheila a . ; mayes , fran ; melodick , kim ; parker , gilda ; seleznov , ryan ; skinner , cindy ; slone , jeanie ; trieschman , paul ; walton , sheila
cc : prihoda , melissa
subject : re : building business acumen
or especially if any persons in your client groups would be interested in this . . . . . .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : clyatt , julie
sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 2 : 45 pm
to : barnard , marla ; buck , gary ; cash , michelle ; corteselli , gina ; davies , neil ; doucet , dawn ; fitzpatrick , amy ; funkhouser , shanna ; indivero , michael ; knudsen , sheila a . ; mayes , fran ; melodick , kim ; o ' rourke , tim ; parker , gilda ; seleznov , ryan ; skinner , cindy ; slone , jeanie ; trieschman , paul ; walton , sheila
cc : prihoda , melissa
subject : building business acumen
importance : high
here ' s the information tim mentioned in yesterday ' s meeting . follow directions listed below if you are interested in participating in the pilot .
want to develop your professional skills & knowledge ?
want to enhance your ability to add value to enron ?
want to be among the first 100 people to move enron towards digital learning ?
want a chance to win two roundtrip airline tickets ?
we are piloting building business acumen ( bba ) , elearning performance simulations . you will experience case analysis , ever changing scenarios , and problem solving with personalized feedback , based on your choices and actions . the bba will provide you with learning material in :
creating competitive advantage
evaluating market opportunities
maximizing operational performance
( to read more , open attached file )
modules
modules are designed to help managers and other decision - makers to build essential business skills and enhance the strategic perspective of any member of the enterprise . learners are challenged to achieve specific real - world business objectives and master the fundamentals of general business skills .
business leaders
professors from babson college , a leader in executive development & entrepreneurship , provided materials and content for the courses . babson college is ranked # 1 in entrepreneurship by business week , financial times , success magazine and u . s . news & world report .
course delivery
you can take the course in segments of time that are conducive to your daily schedule - if you want to work on it for 5 minutes or 5 hours , it will bookmark the place when you last left . each module is approximately 8 hours in length and can be accessed from any computer with internet access .
your involvement
if you chose to participate in this pilot , you are agreeing to complete one of the aforementioned modules and provide feedback based on your experience . the pilot will begin in mid - september and will conclude in mid - october .
how do i win ?
in order to be qualified for the airplane tickets , you must complete one module and provide feedback . the completed evaluation will enter you in the drawing . if you complete more than one module you will be entered multiple times . you ' ll have a great chance to win the tickets because less than 100 people will participate in this pilot .
sign me up !
if you would like to participate in this pilot , click on hyperlink to email melissa prihoda .
mailto : melissa . prihoda @ enron . com
in the message indicate :
the module you are interested in piloting ,
if you ' re an associate or analyst ,
the business unit you currently support ( ews , ees , ebs ) ,
number of years out of school
and your phone number .
open file to read more about the modules
>