Subject: position opening : real time trading opportunity
howdy all !
we currently have an opening in the real time trading group reporting to bill williams iii .
if you have any questions about this position , please see bill at the real time desk . a list of responsibilities and candidate requirements can be found below .
if you would like to be considered for this position , please contact julie kearney ( x 7404 ) or grace rodriguez ( x 8321 ) by close of business on friday , october 19 th , 2001 .
regards ,
grace
x 8321
open position - real time trading
description of group
real time trading is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of prescheduled energy transactions . specifically , this includes managing curtailed schedules and preserving enron ' s financial rights with non - performing trading counter parties . the group is required to maintain records and update databases that explain such supply / market interruptions in order to minimize customer billing dispute issues .
in addition , real time trading is responsible for the hourly trading of energy in the california iso and bilateral markets . traders are expected to initiate profitable trades while maintaining an acceptable amount of risk exposure to the company . the group is expected to know all settlements requirements and charges related to each type of trade . each trader is capable of interfacing with customers and responding to internal and external billing inquiries .
real time is required to administer terms of service desk contracts , which may include the selling of excess generation and purchasing energy for customer ' s load requirements . also , each trader is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages , transmission line durations and other information that is useful for all west desk trading activity .
description of function
confirm purchases and sales of power for enron power marketing .
protect epmi from financial risk and fulfill physical power obligations .
trade energy in hourly markets , including california iso .
gather essential market information for cash traders .
aid in the preparation of price and deal reports and assist in the resolution of volume / price discrepancies .
requirements
bachelors in finance , business , accounting or related field .
1 to 2 years of previous power industry experience in western region is preferred .
excellent problem solving and communication skills .
ability to make quick decisions under pressure .
strong pc skills .
work rotating shift including holidays and weekends .
self - motivated .
detail oriented .