Subject: urgent investor alert ( gbns . ob ) huge upside potential with the next postal giant
otc alert
investors # 1 source for
tomorrows leaders
issue 48
august 2004
special dynamic growth situation
symbol : gbns
www . gbsi . biz
current
price : $ 1 . 40 - - -
12 - month price target : $ 7 . 50
market cap : $ 4 , 340 , 000
52 week bid range : $ 0 . 60 - $ 4 . 80
global business services , inc .
shares outstanding : 3 . 1 mil
fiscal year ends : june 30
213 south robertson
approximate float : 600 , 000
( otc bb : gbns )
beverly hills , ca 90211
an undervalued gem on the verge of explosive growth
in this issue we are pleased to
present a company that is positioned to become the next giant in the dynamic
multi - billion dollar postal services industry !
in the 80 s and 90 s mail boxes etc . was one of the darlings of wall
street and became the industry leader as the company experienced rapid growth
by providing in - demand and convenient postal services through an
ever - increasing number of mbe stores .
then in
2001 , industry leader mail boxes etc . ( mbe ) was acquired by united parcel
service ( ups ) ( $ 73 ) for $ 191 million . recently kinkos was acquired by federal
express ( $ 77 ) for $ 2 . 4 billion !
timing is now perfect
for an industry roll - up and new branded leader ! the company has a very
competent and experienced management team and an aggressive plan to consolidate
the highly fragmented postal services industry and emerge as a recognized
brand , thereby capturing a significant market share .
today the
postal services industry is booming and encompasses approximately 11 , 000
domestic outlets that generate annual gross revenues in excess of $ 3 billion . considering the annual
potential sales , the estimated u . s . market size for retail postal , shipping , and
communication service is $ 25 billion . global
business services , inc . is the parent of postal
connections of america , which currently has 71 franchise locations sold or open in 21 states
and 8 area franchises . last year their franchise network grew
by 64 % and sales of new stores jumped by 233 % . this year
the company is running ahead of that record pace and operating profitably .
one of the most compelling
reasons for our enthusiasm regarding the companys bright future is the fact
that many officers and
directors on the companys current management team were formerly with mbe and
were directly responsible for the incredible success of that company !
gbns shares are currently trading at a very undervalued
price of only $ 1 . 40 . with a current market cap of
less than $ 4 . 5 million and its strong leadership and dynamic business model , we
firmly believe that the stock will significantly increase in value over the
coming months and years . this is an exciting , well - managed company that should prove to be highly
rewarding for loyal shareholders a grand slam homerun !
* * * * * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * * * * * * *
otc alert is a news service of
the otcreporter . com this communication should not be
construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell global business services ,
inc . otc reporter . com is an independent electronic investment medium ,
which provides industry data and information on publicly traded companies for
the use of their subscribers . otcreporter . com is not a registered
broker - dealer . otcreporter . com may liquidate any
securities issued when deemed appropriate to do so . such liquidation may have a
negative impact on the securities being liquidated . in addition , otcreporter . com , its principals and
associates may have positions in the recommended companies in addition to or in
lieu of compensation paid directly by third parties . otc reporter . com was compensated by a
third party with twenty thousand shares of gbns to write a profile and perform
ir services for the company . investors are always strongly encouraged to consult with their
investment advisors prior to making any security purchase and perform adequate due
diligence by thoroughly reading the companys filings at www . sec . gov
oceanic consulting , llc p . o . box 273 rumson , nj 077160
