Subject: aqgi , back to back news releases , news out after the bell . . .
tomorrow \ ' s watch
congratulations to
all those that watched vper !
* * new profile lst
day * *
august 11 , 2004 - - strong alert
back to back major
news releases for aqgi
news out after the bell . .
aquagen international announces first sales
through broker network to united natural foods , inc .
tuesday august 10 , 4 : 51 pm et after
the bell
salt lake city , ut - - ( market wire ) - - aug 10 , 2004 - - aquagen
international , inc . ( other otc : aqgi . pk
- news ) , a manufacturer
and distributor of premier oxygen supplement products , announced today the
first sales through its newly established broker network to united natural
foods , the largest wholesale distributor to the natural and organic industry in
the united states .
united natural foods , inc . ( unfi )
carries more than 35 , 000 skus , supplies to over 18 , 000 customers nationwide and
serves a wide variety of retail formats , including super natural chains ,
independent natural products retailers , conventional supermarkets and food
service .
we have placed
some products through unfi mountain peoples in the past , but this order marks a 500 %
increase from our last sale .
( partial clip from actual news release . go to yahoo and read
the news now )
electric
aquagenics unlimited , inc . ( eaqu ) signs joint venture agreement with aquagen
international , inc . ( aquagen )
companies plan to introduce commercial drinking water
product
( go to yahho or
any financial site and read this now )
stock radar presents ,
aquagen international , inc .
( otcbb : aqgi )
company overview :
aquagen international , inc . ( otcbb : aqgi ) is located at the base of the
wasatch
mountains
in salt lake city ,
utah . the company was incorporated in november 1993 after two
years of product research and development .
aquagen manufactures and markets products that include liquid
stabilized oxygen supplements . it markets its products domestically and
internationally . its products include aquagen , a safe , reliable and convenient
source of additional oxygen . aquagen is an oxygen supplement that is ph
balanced and recognized by the fda as a dietary supplement . oxytime + is
aquagen ' s unique sports energy drink . it includes the powerful combination of
the amino acid l - carnitine and stabilized oxygen . oxytime + provides a
competitive edge for the serious athlete . oxyzone is a complete body
conditioner . it is a combination of oxygen , magnesium peroxide and vitamin c ,
working together to help cleanse and energize the body ' s cells and rid the body
of toxins and nourish it with important nutrients .
* * * endurance , performance , healthy living * * *
why aqgi should be on your radar :
1 . aqgi has had a 60 % increase in sales of its oxyzone product
toits distributor , holistic sverige ab , a natural product distribution
company located in sweden . ( growing international sales and presence ! )
2 . aqgi has enhanced its market reach with their recent brokerage
agreement with gemini / tcl associates , inc . , a leading natural and specialty
broker for the southwest and california
regions . ( getting the products into wider distribution channels ! )
3 . aqgi continues to expand its reach , it recently signed a
brokerage agreement with gpw marketing group to increase its market to the
eastern seaboard from florida
to maryland .
( new territories , new sales ! )
4 . aqgi has also signed a
brokerage agreement with hawk mountain natural brokers that covers the
influential states of pennsylvania
and new york .
( more and more national coverage ! )
5 . aqgi , in june , released results from a university
of cairo study indicatingthatits stabilized
oxygen , aquagenproduct may be helpful to patients who suffer from
chronic hypoxemia , or insufficient oxygenation of the blood . ( exciting news
from third party research ! )
6 . aqgi recently announced that year - end 2004 revenues increased 27 % over
2003 revenues .
7 . aqgi is supplying aquagen as a basic ingredient in oxzits acne
medication . the companyreceived an order recently for 10 , 000 units a 1 , 000 % increase in oxzits previous order .
8 . aqgi has completed a brand
development study with hall communications a leading brand development and full
service advertising and public relations agency .
9 . aqgi ' s proprietary oxygen supplement products are : all natural , ph
balanced , nontoxic , convenient and easy to use .
10 . aqgi ' s liquid oxygen supplements are safe , reliable and a
convenient source for the extra oxygen your body needs .
11 . aqgi has had the f . d . a . review aquagen and it determined that
the company ' s products meet all established guidelines to qualify them as
dietary supplements .
12 . aqgiproducts are unique formulations - they do not use
anyharsh chemicals or substances to create stabilized oxygen in its most
soluble form . the actual manufacturing process is proprietary and confidential .
13 . aqgis product , aquagen , has an oxygen level substantially above
normal tap water .
14 . aqgi signed an agreement with creative innovations , inc . , a
san diego - based marketing company , and appointed it as its national sales
manager . creative innovations , president , denise whitney , has over 30 years
experience in marketing and selling products in the natural foods and
nutraceutical markets .
* * * oxygen , vital for life * * *
some things to consider :
oxygen is critical for life :
27 % increase in revenues !
the body ' s need for oxygen makes it the most important
supplement available . we simply cannot live without oxygen .
oxygen is the source of life to all cells
- dr . stephan levine , ph . d . molecular biologist and
geneticist
current lifestyles rob oxygen from our bodies :
our bodies now receive less oxygen from the foods we eat and
the water we drink than ever before . causes include :
- over - processed and fast foods
- overworked farmlands stripped of their nutrients
- significant increases in daily stress
- unbalanced diets
- lack of exercise and proper rest
rubble , garbage , toxins , refuse debris and anything
useless are destroyed by oxygen and carried out of the system . just as a clean
house holds little interest in passing flies , likewise an oxygen rich body is a
difficult fortress to assail .
brian goulet , certified herbalist canadian journal of health nutrition
aboutaqgi ' s products :
aquagen ' s proprietary oxygen supplement products can :
- help a body use vitamins , minerals and other nutrients
more completely
- enhance immune system
- act as a powerful bactericide , viricide , and fungicide
- improve energy , endurance , vitality and alertness
aquagen - maximum performance , aquagen revitalize and
aquagen essential
are thecompany ' s premier stabilized oxygen supplement
products .
oxytime - a rejuvenated formula of aquagen ' s natural
pre - activity sports energy drink for peak performance .
oxyzone - oxygenated colon detox . it
is also an immune system builder , energizer and cleanser .
the suntory corporation , a mullti - billion dollar corporation
in japan , conducted
a test on aquagen through its independent research facility that showed an
increased blood oxygen level in each individual after they ingested aquagen .
blood was extracted and analyzed at intervals prior to the administration of
aquagen and at intervals afterward over a four - hour period .
there are numerous studies and research on the aquagen site
under the research menu item . ( go to any financial site like yahoo and read the
news . ) links to aqgi ' s website will be listed
there .
management and other comments
on the increase in sales in sweden , aquagen ' s
chief executive officer , joanne clinger , commented :
our primary distributor in sweden , holistic
sverige ab , has been buying our aquagen and oxyzone products for the past
several years . two years ago , holistic starting heavily marketing our
oxygenated colon detox product , oxyzone , in sweden . in 2003 , oxyzone sales rose 965 %
over the previous year and this year , our sales have increased 60 % from
2003 ,
on the 27 % increase in revenues for 2004 , aquagen ' s chief
executive officer , joanne clinger , commented :
we spent a great deal of time in the fourth quarter
rolling our new products , modifying our corporate logo , refining our corporate
identity and preparing the marketing materials and programs to increase sales
dramatically this coming year . we revised our business plan greatly over the
past year and we feel that we ready to market our products aggressively in our
current marketing channels as well as to open new marketing channels for
distribution ,
on the recent brokerage deal , dan zorichak , hawk mountain ' s owner ,
said :
we think aquagen is a very good addition to our
product line and are anxious to introduce it to our many and diverse client
companies
conclusion
aquagen has an established market , national and
international sales , increasing consumer and industrial sales , forward looking
management , and great products . those , coupled with consumers ever growing
interest in health , and the recent joint venture with electric aquagenics unlimited , inc . ( eau ) , a
majornews release just announcedforaqgi , leads us to say . . . .
sometimes
all it takes is onegood news announcement ,
savvy investors don ' t miss this one !
in our opinion this is great news !
put aqgi on
your radar screens ,
and watch
this stock trade !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations ,
beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking
statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to
differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects ,
will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might
occur . srdoes not represent that the information contained in
this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . sr advises
all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock .
the publisher ofsr is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers
should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment
advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially
selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these
companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past
performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence
effort should be completed prior to investing . past performance is never
indicative of future results . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 ,
sectionl 7 ( b ) , srdiscloses the holding of one million free trading
shares by a third party , who is alexander lindale llc . not an officer
ordirector of the company for thecirculation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement . we will
sell our free trading shares at anytime without notice . this could have an
adverse impact on the stock price . all factual information in this report
was gathered from public sources , includingbut not limited
tocompany websites , sec filingsand company press
releases . emerging alertsbelieves this information to be reliable
but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the
material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms
removal services , inc . 1771 post road east # 342 westport , ct 06880
