Subject: personal contact
private email : vko 2004 @ tiscali . it
dear friend ,
my name is senator victor kassim oyofo , the chairman
for the senate committee on pension , insurance and
manpower development in the national assembly of
the federal republic of nigeria .
i am writing you to earnestly solicit for your
assistance in helping to receive some sum of money
into your account for safe keeping .
i got your e - mail address through an internet
marketing firm while searching
for a reliable and reputable person to handle this
transaction .
the proposition :
we have the sum of ( fifteen million ) that we intend to transfer
overseas through the assistance of a foreign partner .
this money came as a result of over provision in the budget for unclaimed
pension and accident insurance . this over provision was done by my
committee , but all payments have been made to beneficiaries leaving behind the
over budgeted amount which amounts to us $ 15 , million which is deposited in
the nigeria deposit bank here in nigeria .
i have agreed to transfer the funds overseas for my
campaign funding and other investment purposes , private use and for
investment purposes with your help . i am contacting you therefore ,
to stand in as the beneficiary to process this fund into your custody .
as soon as you consent to this i will immediately send you a form for you
to fill so we can begin the process immediately
i will provide you with 30 % for assisting us . the fund
shall be transferred to you legally in accordance to all laid
down procedures governing transfer of funds .
i have perfected all modalities for the successful
transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary .
finally , i have to reassure you that this transaction
is 100 % risk free and should be kept absolutely confidential .
presently , you can reach me by return mail , you should also include
your telephone numbers , for secured communication between us .
thank you for your anticipated cooperation . i await
your response . also note that we need to conclude this transaction
before the end of next month as we can still make payments on last years
budget till this time .
regards
senator victor kassim oyofo
reply via private email above .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / www . teamnitroassassins . com