Subject: bonanza 5000
my friends , this is really an opportunity that will make you super rich .
that is my opinion !
simply reply to this message and include the postal address for me to send
you the full information packet about bonanza 5000 . if you do not decide
to join bonanza 5000 immediately , keep the information in a safe place and
read it often . you can check with me every now and then if you wish to see
how i am doing .
i would really like to see you get involved asap . i know that it is not
always easy to dish out the cost involved , but keep socking away those
coins and come join me in this great opportunity asap .
just remember , robert smith , the monitor , says he will place 6 people
under
you in your downline . that means you do no sponsoring .
anyone in networking knows that sponsoring is not really that easy . it
is for the professionals and the average person has a tough time
sponsoring .
but , keep it in mind that 6 people will be sponsored for you . when 6
people are sponsored for those 6 , that means there will be 42 people
under you .
many of them will also sponsor on their own like i am doing . i have
sponsored 4 people in 17 days . when that begins to happen your gifts of
$ 25 . 00 money orders will start over flowing your mail box .
if you ever wanted to make it big in a networking opportunity , this is
your opportunity .
here is an idea that worked for me before i joined .
if you think you will join in the very near future , why don ' t you do
what i did ? i sent the url to the website below to prospects . they
started sending me their postal addresses and i wrote them down in a
spirial note book .
then after you get a few addresses you may want to join bonanza 5000 so
you can receive your package of information with you in position # 1 on
the list so you can send a copy to the addresses you have received .
some of them will join and you will start receiving gifts of $ 25 . 00
sooner and will recoup you original investment very quickly .
here is the url for the website or letter for bonanza 5000 you can use
if you want to do what i did before i joined . the letter does not have
my name or email address in it so those you send it to will have to get
in contact with you for more information .
you will email them and tell them you are waiting for your pack of
information and as soon as you receive the pack , you will send them a
copy . don ' t worry your prospects won ' t run away . they will be there
waiting for you to send them a pack .
it is simple and easy and it worked for me and it will work for you .
have your prospects lined up before you even become involved yourself .
there is no way you can lose that way .
but , always remember , robert smith will sponsor 6 people for you . that
is one key that will result in people joining , because they know they
could make it if they could sponsor .
using the idea above i have just presented to you of getting prospects
lined up in advance plus getting 6 people sponsored for you is a great
marriage and it will work for you .
i am a christian and i am telling you the truth in what i have told you .
i have to give an accounting for my actions before jesus christ some day
and how nice it would be to know that because of what i have told you ,
you would act on this great opportunity so we can all prosper together .
the url :
start sending it to prospects today and start building a list of
prospects for bonanza 5000 , your opportunity that is going to make you
very wealthy .
jim johnson
this message is sent in compliance with the new email
bill hr 1910 . under bill hr 1910 passed by the 106 th
us congress on may 24 , 1999 , this message cannot be
considered spam as long as we include a way to be
removed . per section hr 1910 , please send your request
for removal to " redlake @ hotpop . com " , and type " remove "
in the subject line . all removal requests are handled
personally and immediately when received .
this message has been sent with an unregistered
copy of hotcast mass e - mailer .
>