Subject: category " a " grand prize winner
from : the lottery coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
dear recipient ,
results for category " a " draws
congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the first category draws of tripple wins international games . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held prior to your notification .
participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program .
you / your company email id , attached to ticket number 6422 - 5 - 486 , with serial number 59 - 18 drew the lucky numbers 33 - 92 - 78 - 05 ( 18 ) and consequently won in the
first category .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ 4 . 5 m ( four million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ) each , which is the winning payout for category " a " winners . this is from the total prize money of $ 9 , 000 , 000 shared among the 2 winners in this category .
congratulations !
your fund is now deposited with our transfer agents cash change first securities inc uk , and insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program .
we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year premium stakes draw where you stand a chance of winning up to $ 50 million ; we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate in it .
please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice :
mr . edward clapton
financial director ,
cash change first securities inc uk
tel : + 44 - 870 - 132 - 4414
fax : + 447092840119
email : finan _ direct 4 @ cashchangeukltd . com
you are advised to contact our agents by email and / or fax within a week of receiving this notice . failure to do so may warrant disqualification .
note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference numbers . remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent .
reference number : tga - 4 ga - 65389
congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program .
sincerely ,
the lottery coordinator ,
tripple wins international games
jan luykenstraat 59
1071 cs amsterdam
the netherlands
n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail box . contact your claims agent immediately .
