Subject: wall street : digital color print , inc .
congratulations to
all those that watched pwrm - - - up over 250 % over the last week .
* * * new profile lst
day * * *
otc . bb - - dcpi
august 19 , 2004 - - - - wallstreet
alert
digital color print inc . ( dcpi ) announces major
printer upgrade project
santa ana , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 12 , 2004 - - digital
color print , inc . ( otc . bb dcpi ) announced today that
their operational entity , logical imaging solutions , inc , ( lis ) , has won the
right to conduct a survey and upgrade of all the ebi systems of a large
national printing company .
stockta . com analysis - - candlestick
analysis : very bullish
short
term analysis : very bullish
logical imaging solutions inc .
provides high speed variable imaging printing systems , toner , and label
software . the electronic imaging systems can be used to create barcodes , giant
numbers , dynamic text , and dynamic graphics on labels , tags , tickets , and
forms .
the equipment is designed to be
installed in - line to your existing web press , and functions as another print
station . speeds of up to 250 feet / minute and resolutions of up to 300
dots - per - inch ( dpi ) can be obtained .
our label design software create ! is used to design the job
files . this software runs under the windows tm environment and is
easy to use . the windows - tm environment allows for use of the true - type font
technology in which fonts can be scaled to any size .
safe harbor statement
all statements other than statements of historical fact
included in this press release are forward - looking statements . the
forward - looking statements , including statements about the company ' s future
expectations , including future revenues and earnings , and all other
forward - looking statements ( i . e . , future operational results and sales ) are
subject to assumptions and beliefs based on current information known to the
company and factors that are subject to uncertainties , risk and other
influences , which are outside the company ' s control , and may yield results
differing materially from those anticipated .
associated management group 400 south beverly beverly hills , ca 90212
