Subject: barb 250 gain expected on vcsc tomorrow 2 ber
entangle
don ' t miss this great investment issue ! vcsc is another
hot public traded company that is set to soar on all week !
vcsc announce huge news - vocalscape signs letter of
intent to acquire 100 % of ntelx , inc .
company released fantastic news and it is expected that the
demand is so high that vcsc stock price goes to 50 - 60 cents
by the end of the week !
big pr campaign starting immediately - stock will explode
- just read the news - millions of people will receive the
positive news and pr information about vcsc during the
weekend : )
ticker : vcsc . pk
price = . 24
next = 3 = days = potential = price : . 71
next = 10 = days = potential = price : . 95
get on board with vcsc and enjoy some incredible profits
in the next 3 - 10 days ! ( 2 _ jlax 1 lwj 8
- - - - - - - - - - - - - company information - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
about vocalscape , inc .
vocalscape , inc . is an emerging developer of interactive
communication software . the company has created software
and interactive solutions revolving around global
communications and data voice convergence . vocalscape
focuses on adding to customer ' s website and customer
support centers by integrating website solutions that
enable real human assistance , live interaction services
such as instant messaging , voice over the internet ( voip )
and interactive desktop solutions sharing solutions .
katonah , n . y . , aug 20 , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via
comtex / - - vocalscape , inc . ( pink sheets : vcsc . pk )
announced today that is has executed a letter of intent
to acquire 100 % of ntelx , inc .
mr . ron mcintyre , president of vocalscape commented , " we
are very excited about acquiring ntelx . unlike dedicated
long distance carriers , ntelx has been building network
hubs using their modern ' soft - switch ' technology , allowing
customers to access multiple backbone providers . this
technology allows ntelx to build their business without
incurring debt payments that have crushed other providers
in the telecommunications industry . "
ntelx , inc . is a private ohio based corporation that is
an emerging provider of voice over the internet ( voip )
traffic management for international and united states
domestic carrier markets . further , the company develops
reliable and cost - effective voice routes to destinations
all over the world for customers . the company is developing
distribution plans for offering long distance services
directly to the united states business market utilizing
the latest voip access technologies . the owners of ntelx
are mr . james k . leedy , sr . and mr . ronald m . kellogg .
they have combined experience over forty five ( 45 ) years
in the consumer goods , technology markets and
telecommunications industry . their previous company
intergrated communication solutions , inc . ; a
telecommunications provider had revenue exceeding
$ 19 , 700 , 000 in 2003
ticker = : vcsc . pk .
price = : . 24
next = 3 = days = potential = price : . 71
next = 10 = days = potential = price : . 95
get on board with vcsc and enjoy some incredible profits
in the next 3 - 10 days , get it immediately ! communication
in , forma . tion with . in this e . mail contains " fo , rward
look , ing sta , tements " wi . thin the mea . ning of sec . tion
2 . 7 , a o , f the sec , urities a , ct of 19 . 33 and se . ction 2 . lb
of the se . curities excha . nge a , ct of 19 . 34 . any st . ate
ments that ex . press or inv , olve discussions wi . th
resp . ect to pre . dictions , go , als , exp , ectati . ons ,
be . liefs , pl . ans , proj . ections , ob . jectives , ass . um
ptions or future ev , ents or perfor , mance are no . t
s , tate . ments of histo . rical fact and may be f . or
war . d looking s tat , eme , nts all info . rmation pro , vided
with , in this em . ail pert , aining to in , vesting , s t , ock . s
se c . ur . iti , es must be unde , rst . ood as inf . ormat , ion
pr , ovided a , nd not inv , estment a , dvice . we advi , se a . ll
rea . ders and sub , scri . bers t . o seek ad , vic . e from a
re , g ist . ered pro . fessio . nal secur , it . ies re . prese .
ntative before deci , ding to trade in s . toc . ks featured
within this ema , il . non e of the ma , terial withi n this
report sh , all be con . strued as any k ind of in . vest , ment
advice . pl , ease ha . ve in mind that the int . erpreta . tion
of the writer of this news . let , ter about the ne , ws publi ,
shed by , the co . mpany do . es not re . present the com . pany
offi . cia , l stat , ement and in fa , ct may dif , fer fr , om the
real mea , ning of what t , he news rele . ase me . ant to say .
pl . ease read t . he new . s release by yo , urself and ju , dge
by yo , urself abo , ut the de , tails in it . we do hold
v , cs , c sh . ar , es pri , or to the publ . ication of thi . s
rep . ort b , e awar , e of an inh , erent con , flict of inte ,
rest resu , lting from su , ch ho . ldi , ngs du , e to our
int , ent to pr , of . it fro . m the liquid . ation of the . se
sh . are , s our sh . ar , es may be so . ld , at an . y ti . me ,
even after pos . itive stat . em , ents have been mad , e
re , garding the abov . e co , mpany . pl . ease b . e advi . sed
that nothing wit , hin this ema , il shall c , onsti , tute a
sol , icitat , ion or an off , er t , o bu , y or s , el , l any
se , curi , ty menti , oned herein . this newsl , etter is nei ,
ther a reg , ist , ered inves , tme , nt advis , or nor af , fil
iated wi , th any br , oke , r or deal , er . this , news , lette
r was paid 14 5 0 0 fr , om thi , rd pa , rty to se , nd this
re , port . plea , se do yo , ur own dil , igen , ce before in , v ,
es , ti ng . annoyance puke ordinal fresco
shears poise striate spare queuing