Subject: bank inheritance
mr . mr . bel zulu
south africa
dear sir ,
i am an officer corporate banking department of
trust bank s . a . [ south africa ] my department relates
more with the affairs of the state . very lately an
amount of money was discovered by us in a suspense /
an abandoned account to the sum of fifteen point three
million us dollars only . an account that belonged to
one of our foreign customers who died along with his
entire family on november 1994 in a ghastly auto
crash . since we got information about his death , we
have been expecting his next - of - kin to come over and
claim his money because we cannot release it unless
somebody applied for it as next - of - kin , or relation
to the deceased as indicated in our banking
guidelines . unfortunately , nobody has come foward to
claim this money . it is based on this that some
officials in my departement and i have decided to
establish a cordial business relationship with you ,
hence my contacting you . we want you to present
yourself as the next - of - kin or relation of the
deceased so that the fund can be remitted into your
account . moreover , we do not want the money to go into
the government account as unclaimed bill .
the banking law and guidelines here stipulate that any
account abandoned or is dormant for a period of years
is deemed closed and all money contained therein
forfeited to the government treasury account .
now it is being speculated that the above sum will be
transfered into the government account as an unclaimed
fund on or before december 2004 . the reason for
requesting you to present yourself as next - of - kin is
occasioned by the fact that the deceased ( customer )
was a foreigner .
the mode of sharing after a successful transfer of the
money into your account : 70 % to my colleagues and i ;
for the role you will be expectedto play in this deal ,
we have agreed to give you twenty five percent ( 25 % ) of the
total sum , and 5 % for the expenses we are going to
encounter by the two parties at the course of this
transaction . therefore you are expected to reply
this letter indicating your readiness and interest to
participate in this business .
after receiving your reply , you will be communicated to with
the exact steps to take . i expect your urgent response
note also that for security reasons i would ' t be able
to speak to you during office hours hence i shall give
you my private number where you can always reach me at
the proper time . please treat this business ! proposal
as strictly confidential for security reasons . as all
the top officials involved in the business here do not
want to get into trouble as a result of indecent
publicity .
kind personal regards ,
mr . bel zulu
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
