Subject: award notification
gold mine sweepstakes lottery ,
burdenstraat 21 b ,
2053 ds amsterdam ,
the netherlands .
from : mrs . betje willem
the promotions manager ,
international promotions / prize award department .
re / award notification ; final notice
we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 25 th
august 2004 of your selection as one of the five winners of the
promotional gold mine sweepstakes lottery netherlands held
recently as part of our new year bonanza . you have therefore
been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 200 , 000 . 00 ( one
million , two hundred thousand dollars only ) in cash credited to
file ref no . gml / 2551256003 / 23 .
we in the gold mine sweepstakes lottery netherlands is by this
program ,
launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed
and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever - growing number
of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds
accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners
are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time .
after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from an initial
database of 300 , 000 emails all participants were selected
through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia ,
africa , canada , europe , usa and south america as part our
international promotions program , which was conducted in view
of launching ourselves into the sweepstakes industry worldwide
and zoning all participants by their respective continents from
across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you
have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize .
to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of
your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents .
you are to contact our agents by email or fax within a week of
receiving this notice . please find full contact details below :
derrick frans ,
foreign service manager ,
virtual securities and finance ltd .
21 b eggerrst raat nn 102
amsterdam , n . l
tel : 31 - 619 928 076
fax : 31 205 248 515
email : d _ frans 23 @ tiscali . co . uk
also find all other relevant winning lottery information below :
ref no : gml / 2551256003 / 23
batch no : 14 / 0017 / ipd
zonal draw no : gmla 2 - 003
grand draw no : 12099
also send your name , address and country of residence when
replying your claims agent . remember , you must contact your
claim agent not later than a week of receiving this
notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as
unclaimed .
note :
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please
remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one
of your correspondences with your agent .
furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning
lottery information and numbers from the public in line with
our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and
unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals .
congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for
being part of our promotions program .
yours sincerely ,
the promotions manager ,
gold mine sweepstakes lottery .
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners
will result to
disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact
your claim agent .
mail inviata da webmail service di
gianmarco service srl
http : / / www . gianmarco . it
nuke powered site