Subject: request for assistance
from mrs stella uba ,
dear sir / madam ,
this letter might come to you as a surprised since we have
not had any previous corespondence . this is as a result of
the helpless situation i found myself into . i got your
contact address during my search for a reliable , capable
and trust worthy person that can assist me in this darkest
moment of my life . i lost my husband , and two children ,
sisters , two brothers , including our family house during the
bomb explosion which took place on the 27 th ofjanuary , 2002
at the army cantonment ( barracks ) here in my country
nigeria . i am alive writing you because i was fortunate to
be outside home at the time of the explosions . i am
writing you now from camp where the victims of the
explosion are kept including myself . no house , no good food
, no good health . before my husband , s sudden death . he kept
the sum of us $ 11 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eleven million us dollars ) in
cash with a private security vault . now that he is late and
i am the only one left behind . i am writing you to assist
me receive this money in your country , invest it in a
profitable business and relocate myself to join you
immediately . as a result of insecurity of life and property
here in nigeria , i do not want to stay here any
longer . please indicate your readiness to assist me , so that
all the information about this funds will be passed to you
immediately . send to me your tel / fax numbers for easy
communication . and also assure me that you will not betray
me at the end . keep this transaction to yourself only . if
this transaction is properly executed , i am prepared to
give you 15 % of the total sum for your kind assistance .
regards ,
mrs stella uba .
please view these websites below to confirm what i am
telling you and get back to me .
con terra mail obtienes 6 mb de espacio adem?s de bloqueo antispam
http : / / terramail . terra . com . mx / terramail /
acceso a internet 3 x 1 , desde ? $ 179 pesos al mes !
encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles ! !
aprovecha nuestra promoci?n a 12 pagos sin intereses con banamex y bancomer
http : / / www . decompras . com /