Subject: have a nice weekend .
dr . john owen
commmonwealth bank of australia ,
18 bank place melbourne ,
australia ,
3 rd of septmber , 2004 .
reply to email : johnowen 2004 @ netscape . net
dear respected friend ,
this is a proposal in context but actually an appeal soliciting for your unreserved assistance in consummating an urgent transaction requiring maximum confidence . though this approach appears desperate , i can assure you that whatever questions you would need to ask or any other thing you will need to know regarding this proposal will be adequately answered to give you a clearer understanding of it , so as
to arrive at a successful conclusion .
my name is dr . john owen , head of securities , commonwealth bank of australia , melbourne . on december 6 , 2001 , a foreign consultant / contractor with the cadbury kenya ltd , mr . david sidney jocelyn - duffield , made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 , ( thirty million united
states dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a
month , i sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the cadbury kenya ltd , that mr . jocelyn - duffield died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered
that mr . jocelyn - duffield did not declare any next of kin or
relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in our bank . i have carefully moved out these funds ( us $ 30 million ) from our bank as sundry funds to an offshore deposit company in the european union . from past experiences , i know that no one will ever come forward to claim the deceased funds . according to
australian law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the funds will be unclaimable and revert to theownership of the australia government if nobody applies to claim
the fund . in order to avert this negative development , i in
conjunction with a colleague ( the chief operating officer in the bank ) now seek your permission to allow my attorney do a change of ownership / reassignment of credit of stated funds from the " deceased " to your name , so that the funds ( us $ 30 million ) would be released to you as the new owner ( on behalf of me and my colleague ) . we are
writing you because , as public servants , we cannot operate a foreign account or have an account that is more than 160 , 000 : 00 . consequently , i will present you as the owner of the funds in the deposit company so you can be able to claim them . this is simple . i will like you to provide immediately ;
1 . full names
2 . contact address
3 . telephone and fax numbers
once i receive these information , i will prepare the necessary
documents which will put you in place as the new owner of the funds . the money will then be released to your custody by the deposit company , for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for us and 30 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by
the solicitor and this will guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately via my email address . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and my confidential phone number for further explanation that will help you understand the transaction .
no doubt this proposal will make you apprehensive , please we imploy you to observe utmost confidentiality and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because we shall require your assistance to invest our share in your country ( buying of properties like real estate etc ) . this is why your urgent action and response is of priority to enable us conclude this transaction in a timely and professional manner . i await your swift response please
through my alternative / private emails box : reply to
email : johnowen 2004 @ netscape . net
thanks for anticipated and kind co - operation .
yours sincerely ,
dr john owen .
reply to email : johnowen 2004 @ netscape . net
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / ctd - hq . org