Subject: a playmate , celebrities and why kwli stock could soon be a household
name ! ! ! !
kewl
international ( other otc : kwli )
web
site : www . kewlsports . com
specializing
in hockey based sports apparel ; kewl has taken the canadian market by storm
and
is now poised to enter the united states and europe .
company profile
kewl is a hockey company committed to delivering imaginative apparel
influenced by the sport and culture of hockey . developed by professional hockey
players and individuals born and bred on the game , kewl illustrates a specific
speed , style and character inspired by the kewlest sport on earth .
kewl international is a u . s . company recently named the sole marketer
and distributor of kewl sports apparel in the u . s . the kewl corporation
( canada ) and kewl international have announced that they are in merger
discussions .
the focus of kewl international has been the development of a
manufacturing system and distribution process that will enable the company to
meet anticipated high order rates , while delivering 100 % customer
satisfaction . with this phase complete , it has turned to the development of a
revitalized and diverse product line . its traditional hockey products will be
included ; however , it will now expand into youth , golf and corporate apparel .
the extended product line will also include extensive entries into high growth
segments such as xtreme sports and women ' s sports apparel .
as of march 2004 there were 16 , 000 , 000 common shares outstanding of
which 2 , 000 , 000 common shares were available for public trading . 80 % of the
companys common shares are owned by an investment group led by mr . domenic
fanelli , chairman and ceo of the company . these shares are subject to rule 144
restrictions .
key points :
kewl apparel is sold in more than 425 stores in canada .
the company reported first year revenues in 2000 of cdn $ 237 , 000 which grew in
2001 to cdn $ 886 , 000 and to cdn $ 1 . 9 million in 2002 .
kewl products and the new kewl nhlpa collections are also endorsed by some of
the biggest names in professional hockey , including shayne corson , darcy
tucker , ryan smyth , travis green , bryan marchment and many more .
even the great wayne gretzky wore his kewl branded
shirt at the heritage classic game .
excerpts from a recent interview of kewl international
coo vish joshi on tradersnations . com .
q . how about expansion of kewls current business and product lines ?
what are your plans there ?
a . as you know , the kewl brand has its origins in hockey as we like to
call it the kewlest sport in the world . this is the # 1 sport in canada and
in some other parts of the world and actually is still the fastest growing
sport in the u . s . we will continue to capitalize on this there are lots of
fans here in the u . s . young and old and we have a lot of room to grow with
this . what we plan to do , in fact , first , is to extend the brand with
its hockey origins to a broader base of women and children with an exciting
line up of clothing in two new lines kewl baby and kewl for women . we remain
very excited about the traditional kewl base but weve gotten an equally
terrific initial reception for the baby line and the womens line . i think
theyll be big hits .
we also see great opportunity for careful expansion of the brand to
other sports in particular , xtreme sports , where we see a window that meshes
with kewl hockey . soccer and even baseball are other possibilities weve been
asked to explore .
q . could you give us some examples of what your clothing related
products and what makes it so unique ?
a . kewl is a statement kewl sport , kewl attitude that hockey lovers
would like to make at the ice rink and away from it and were the only outlet
for making it . theres no one else in that space and we think we can own it .
on our clothes ill mention two things our symbol the deke is a
hockey move that symbolizes the game , and hockey lovers are proud and feel good
about displaying it .
other little things are incorporated in our design like the fight
strap on the back of our shirts . no one in a hockey fight wants their shirts
pulled over they head its a touch our fans appreciate and understand .
q . what do you expect in the way of revenues over the next year or
so . . . what sort of growth ?
a . we have stated that we expect to achieve sales of $ 6 million
combining kwli and kewl canadian sales in the first year with roughly half of
those in the u . s . i hope thats conservative and that we can look at a much
larger run rate as we enter 2005 . were also looking not just at sales - -
which frankly we could have achieved already but at profitable sales . our
main effort to date has been to set up a system that minimizes our cash and
borrowing requirements and also permits us to be profitable - - at least
operationally from the get go . i think this is what investors want to see and , i think i know , as this is a big investment for me as well .
q . is your company profitable ?
a . were not profitable now we have no reported revenues as yet . weve
tried hard to keep a lid on start up expenses , though , - - most of our people
are working on small salaries w / bonuses for performance .
q . how about other businesses kewl may be involved in ?
a . were basically sticking to our knitting , no pun intended . you may
see some non - apparel items perhaps some equipment with a kewl brand . we also
already make accessories such as carrying bags . a big growth area , we believe ,
is our corporate business , where we are able to customize products that large
groups may use as promotional items some with special features on it
including their name , but with our label inside .
q . how about competitors in your business ? if so , what makes kewl stand
out from the rest ?
a . obviously we have lots of competition for the consumers apparel
dollar . but we think we have a pretty unique niche with the products as did
adidas when it introduced soccer - based shoes and nike with basketball . in
canada , sales of the product essentially doubled every year since day one and
even last year with the sars scare sales were up . the main limitation on sales
to date out of canada has been financing .
q . how about financing ? where do
you stand with respect to the money to run your businesses ?
a . what young company doesnt need money ?
sure , if we had more we might be a little more aggressive but it would
perhaps make us a little sloppier . while we will seek some funding , we think
that once we get orders coming in the way were set up well be in a largely
self - financing mode . were in process now on appropriate accounts receivable
financing how we do this depends on how we determine to handle distributors .
with that in place we hope to finalize a line of credit . weve heard from a number
of possible investors but we have to decide how much to give up to them and
frankly were in this for the long term and dont want to give up too much
prematurely .
q . it would seem to me that your business is affected less by tough
economic conditions ; is this true ?
a . im not sure were immune to any significant downturns in consumer
spending . very few companies are . however , people women especially , always
need clothes that make a statement and kids keep growing .
q . the stock : what is the number of shares outstanding and what is in
the public float ?
a . we have about 16 million shares outstanding and the float is about
two million . most of the 14 million not in the float is in the hands of
management and subject to rule 144 restrictions so no ones going to see it
dumped in the market .
q . what is your management doing to increase exposure to your business
as well as the stock ?
a . as far as the business goes , we have solid marketing plans for each
line with implementation depending on how we distribute . for hockey based
clothing there will be an obvious concentration where there is fan support
and the greatest tool we have in this regard is great support from a big roster
of professional players . most of our advertising is free through this support
but we will , of course , fund pr and advertising efforts on a line by line
basis . insofar as the stock is concerned , we have an internal ir guy , and
outside support from some good agencies . until now weve focused on getting out
news but as we go forward well have a new website and a proactive approach
in terms of meetings with the street and media coverage like this .
q . what makes kewl a good investment ?
a . im prejudiced , of course , but for a speculative investor , this is an
opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a unique apparel business with
instant appeal to hockey fans and we think to fans of other sports . im not
saying well be another adidas or nike , but theyre the models we look at and
we think there is a huge growth opportunity in the u . s . and also in europe ,
where there are some very serious hockey and extreme sports fans . when we start
to announce orders i think investors will take notice .
q . where can listeners and investors get more information about kewl ? do
you have a website they can browse around ?
a . well soon have a new website www . kewlsports . com that we think will be pretty exciting and increasingly informative .
disclaimer :
information within this email contains
forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of
the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of
1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as : projects , foresee ,
expects , estimates , believes ,
understands will , part of :
anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must
be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise
all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice . please have in mind ! that the interpretation of
the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not
represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real
meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release
by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
readers of this
publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving
various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially
from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this
email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor
nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express
opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any
securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act
of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect ,
believe , may , will , move ,
undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter
was paid $ 3000 froma third party to send this report . please do your
own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money
from investing in penny stocks
kewl international 444 brickell ave , ste . 300 miami , fl 33131
