Subject: hello from micheal ! ! ! .
dear ,
good day ! ! .
compliments of the day and my best wishes to you and family ! ! ! .
i know this letter will come to you surprisingly but let it not be a surprise to you , for nature has a way of arriving unannouced and an adage ays ' ' ' ' originals are very hard to find but their echo sounds ouder ' ' ' ' . so , i decided to contact you myself for you to assure me of safety and honesty if ihave to entrust any amount of money under your custody .
i am mr micheal bangura , the son of late mr thaimu bangura who was the minister of finance in sierra leone but was killed during the civil war . knowing your country as being economical condusive for investment and your people as transperant and trustworthy to engage in business on which premise i write you .
before my father death , he had the sum of twenty - three million united states dollars ( us $ 23 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) which he kept away from the rebel leaders during the course of the war . this fund was supposed to be used for rehabilitation of water reserves all over the country before the outbreak of war . when the war broke out , the rebel leader demanded that this fund be given to him , my father insisted that the money was not in his possesion but he was killed because of his refusal to release the fund .
meanwhile my mother and i is the only person who knows about this fund , because my father always confide in me . i quickly made an rangemnt with a red cross rellief worker who used his official van to move this money to lungi airport in freetown , although he did not know the real content of the box . the fund was deposited as a family reasure with a safe relaible security company in dakar senegel where i was only given temporary asylum . i do not want to invest this money in senegel due to unfavourable economic climate and so close to my country . as a result , i still kept this money also for security reasons as the present administration is investigating the existence of such fund of which i denied knowledge of it , claiming that my father did not tell me
about such money .
the only assistance i need from you which i believe you would do for me are the following :
1 . assist me invest this money in your country
2 . assure me that you will not sit on my share when this fund gets to your country .
you will have 15 % of the money for yourself as you guide me further to invest the remaining 80 % in any valueble business venture while 5 % is earmarked to cover expenses contingencies .
most importantly , i will like to buy a personal house where i and my mother will reside . upon confirmation of your interest to help me as my foreign partner to invest this money , i will link you the details of this ransaction to be scheduled in your favo ur by the security company .
while thanking you for your anticipated understanding and cooperation , i look forward to your urgent esponse .
please note that this transaction is strictly confidential and must be treated with utmost secrecy .
best regards ,
mr . micheal bangura .
please you can contact me on this e - mail m _ bangura @ iwon . com