Subject: need honest associate
dear sir ,
as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday .
my name is hassan mohammed a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with
esophageal cancer .
it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live ,
according to medical experts .
i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my
business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused
on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is
more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world .
i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way
from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and
assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends .
i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give also to charity
organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed
money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has
deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore .
i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money , which i have
there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves .
hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them .
the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of eighteen million dollars
$ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect
this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations .
please endeavour to reply me on my direct emailaddress : hassan @ zuvio . com for confidentiality . all further
communication should be on : hassan @ zuvio . com
i have set aside 10 % for you and for your time .
god be with you .
hassan mohammed