Subject: urgent assistance .
dear friend .
top sercrt
re : remittance of us $ 14 , 000 , 000 : 00
i am a the manager of bill and exchange at the foreign remittance department
african developpement bank . i am writing , following your address which
i got through international network information when iwas searching for
a sure email contact because of the urgency of this transaction . and i hope
of your relaibility to champion this business opportunity with me . in my
department we discovered an abandoned sum of u . s $ 14 m us dollars ( fourteen
million usd ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who
died along with his entire family in november 1999 in a plane crash . since
we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin
to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody
applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in
our banking guidlines and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash
leaving nobody behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery
that i now decided to make this business proposal to you and release the
money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and
subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want
this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill . the banking law
and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed after
five years , the money will be transfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed
fund . the request of foreign as next of kin in this business is occassioned
by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a burkinabe cannot stand
as next of kin to a foreigner .
we agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as a foreign partner , in
respect to the provision of a foreign account , 10 % will be set aside for
expenses incured during the business and 60 % would be for me . there after
i will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentages
indicated . therefore , to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you
as arranged , you must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin
of the deceased indicating your bank name , your bank account number , your
private telephone and fax number for easy and effective communication and
location wherein the money will be remitted . upon receipt of your reply ,
i will send to you by fax or e - mail the text of the application . i will
not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch - free and
that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements
have been made for the transfer . you should contact me immediately as soon
as you receive this letter for more explanations .
yours faithfully
akim bello
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
