Subject: confidential business proposal
confidential business proposal
dr . john dikeh
account dept ( nnpc )
lagos - nigeria
telephone : 234 - 803 - 3074740
fax : 234 - 1 - 4400642
dear sir ,
it is with trust and confidence that i make this urgent and important business
proposal to you . i am a senior accountant with the nigerian national petroleum
corporation ( nnpc ) here in lagos nigeria . i have been assigned by my colleagues
to seek for a foreign partner in the transfer of the sum of us $ 15 million
{ fifteen million united states dollars } only into a foreign bank account .
this money arose from a deliberate over ? invoicing of contracts awarded
by our ministry in the year 2002 to various foreign contractors .
we have been safeguarding this money since then , awaitng an appropriate
time when the money can be transferred into a foreign bank account for safe - keeping
until we meet with the owner of the account for the sharing of the money .
currently the new civilian government of nigeria has ordered that all debts
owed to foreign contractors by the government be paid immediately . on the
strength of this order , we wish to take advantage of it to present you as
one of the contractors being owed by the nigerian government to enable us
process douments in your favour and transfer this over invoiced sum of us $ 15
million into your bank account .
meanwhile , we have agreed that the money will be shared thus , 80 % will be
for us ( me and my colleagues ) , 20 % will be for you for providing the necessary
assistance . note , that the nature of your occupation is irrelevant to this
transaction as all arrangements have been concluded for a successful and
hitch free transaction . note that this money is still in the suspense account
of our ministry ( nnpc ) with the central bank of nigeria . you are required
to email or fax the following information to us immediately . ( 1 ) your full
names , { and company ' s name if any } and your contact address { 2 } your phone
and fax numbers ( 3 ) name and address of your bank ( 4 ) your account number , name
of beneficiary and other bank data .
we have taken measures to ensure that there are no risks involved on both
parties . we have estimated that this transaction will be concluded within
14 working days on receipt of your acceptance letter to this proposal .
please contact me signifying your interest in this business . this information
is highly confidential . further information will be conveyed to you as soon
as i receive your acceptance response .
best regards .
dr . john dikeh