Subject: sincere associate required .
mr . wang qin
hang seng bank ltd .
des voeux rd . branch ,
central hong kong ,
honk kong .
dear sir ,
although you do not know me but i have a lucrative business proposal of mutual interest to share with you . firstly , let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . wang qin , credit officer of the hang seng bank ltd hk . i have a concealed business suggestion as below .
a long time ago , just before the u . s and iraqi war , one of our numerous clients named general . ibrahim moussa who was with the iraqi forces and also a business man based in iraq made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of twenty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars in my branch . upon maturity several notice has since been sent to him , even during the war early last year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him or any member of his family . we later found out that the general and his family had been killed during the war in a bomb blast that hit their home .
after further investigation it was also discovered that gen . ibrahim moussa did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty million five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to gen . ibrahim moussa so that you will be able to receive his funds . all the modalities has been set in motion to see that this transaction is 100 % safe , timely and risk free . if you agree to this business proposal , it will consume about 8 - 10 working days to conclude this transaction .
what is to be done ?
i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to gen . ibrahim moussa , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter , we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to maintain utmost secrecy and confidentiality at all times during and after the conclusion of this transaction .
once the funds have been successfully transferred to your nominated bank account , you will be given 25 % of the total funds for your assistance , 70 % for my partners and myself while the balance 5 % will cover all incidental expenses incurred during the course of this operation . should you be interested please send me your full names and address and i will provide you with more details of this operation . i will prefer that you to reach me via this email ( wangqinl 47 @ primposta . com ) for now before i can provide a confidential telephone number for security purpose .
your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated .
kind regards ,
mr . wang qin .
