Subject: proposal
from : mr . donald udoh
internet fax number : 1 775 - 514 - 1606
reply to : udoh 2004 @ latinmail . com
please give me an immediate response
this is to seek your co - operation as my foreign partner
and your assistance to enable me own a property and
invest in the stable economy of your country . accept
my apologies if this mail does not suit your personal
or business ethics .
my name is mr . donald udoh . i am making this venture
proposal to you in strict confidence . the money we
want to invest was acquired from an over invoiced
contract proceed . this is in my capacity as the
chairperson of the senate financial committee
on foreign contracts verification and payments
( member , contract review panel ( crp ) . our good
fortune is that we are privy to such classified
information .
the amount in question is $ 28 , 200 , 000 . 00 million us
dollars . as a senior civil servant in the nigerian
government , our country ' s prudential policy prohibits
me from operating a foreign account . if you would like
to assist me as a partner , please kindly indicate your
interest after which we shall both discuss on the
modalities .
all other information to facilitate the remittance of
the funds will be revealed to you in due course . for
your assistance , you shall receive 25 % of the funds to
be transferred and 5 % will be set aside for all
expenses incurred by both parties .
i would appreciate if this proposal is kept
confidential because of what i have explained above .
note that you can reach me urgently on my e - mail , or
in my ( american internet fax number 1 775 - 514 - 1606 ,
which i believe is more secured ) .
please do indicate your direct telephone and fax
number when replying to this business proposal . i will
be calling you when necessary . in the meantime , i will
appreciate if you can contact me through my alternative
email udoh 2004 @ latinmail . com
a swift acknowledgement on the receipt of this mail
will be appreciated .
best regards ,
mr . donald udoh
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / www . jlovell . net