Subject: from abdul karim
dear friend ,
be inform that you read this , i don ' t want you to feel
sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die
someday . my name is abdul karim , a merchant in dubai ,
in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with lung cancer .
it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and
right now i have only about a few months to live ,
according to medical experts .
i got your e - mail address through an internet marketing firm while
searching for a reliable and reputable person to handle this project .
i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i
never really cared or anyone ( not even myself ) but my
business . though i am very rich , i as never been
generous , i was always hostile to people and only
focused on my business as that was the only thing i
cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to have
or make all the money in the world .
i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to
this world i would live my life a different way from
how i have lived it . now that god as called me , i have
willed and given most of my property and assets of my
immediate and extended family members as well as a few
close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my
soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity
organizations , as i want this to be one of the last
good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed
money to charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria
and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so
badly , i cannot do this myself anymore .
i once asked members of my family to close one of my
accounts and distribute the money which i have there
to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan ; they
refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do
not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be
contended with what i have left for them .
the last of my money , which no one knows of , is the
huge cash deposit if ten million us dollar
us $ 10 , 000 , 000 ) , that i have with a secret bank abroad .
acknowledge his message so that i can introduce you to
my lawyer who will handle the transfer of receivership
by you of the said funds . i will want you to help me
collect this deposit cash and use it for charity
organizations . my lawyer shall put you in the picture
of the funds . as soon as my lawyer is okay with your
ability and integrity to manage these funds according
to my will , i will endorse a power of attorney , to
enable my bank release the funds to you . note that the
remuneration for your kind services will also be
discussed with my lawyer . for this reason kindly
furnish your contact information , that is your
address , personal telephone and fax number for
confidential purpose . send your mail to abdulkl 956 @ netscape . net
god be with you .
abdul karim