Subject: soliciting for your partnership
name : henry ford
fordhenry @ handbag . comemail :
date : 16 - 09 - 04
greetings ,
permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you . i am henry ford , the eldest son of late mr . and mrs terry ford . we are white zimbabweans , my father was the 10 th prominent white farmer , who was murdered by robert mugambe government , he was a very wealthy farmer , with three tobacco farms in norton , 27 miles away from harare , and is also a majority owner of gorie farm also situated in norton , in zimbabwe , he was also one of the prominet executive of the agricultural farmer ' s organization . the zimbabwean government under the leadership of president robert mugabe announced a decree on may 31 st 2000 to seize more than 849 white - owned farms . during these periods , as reported by international media and the cnn , more than 50 white farmers were killed . the government did not stop at this , as just recently the government has asked all white - farmers to give up their farms to black farmers or risk going to prison .
so far , more than 1 , 400 white owned farms have been invaded and confiscated , as well as claiming the properties of the farmers . also , about 133 white farmers were arrested for defying the orders to leave their farms under the controversial land reform program of the government , among those killed was my father who before his death , having forsaw the danger ahead , had then revealed to me that he had deposited the sum of u . s $ 55 , 000 , 000 . 00 us dollars ( fifty five million us dollars ) kept in a security company in johannesburg , south africa . he also said that the security company does not know the content of the safe box . he also used my name to deposit the money being his next of kin , he had advised me to leave the country since it was no longer safe for us being whites , he also advised that should he be killed that i should seek a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purposes , your assistance is required in the following ways :
( 1 ) to assist me to clear this fund from the security company successfully .
( 2 ) to provide a bank account into which this money would be transferred into .
( 3 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a 17 year old boy
for some background information please visit the following web link to read some news on the british broadcasting corporation web site :
i am willing to offer you 18 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort and input after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account i believe that this transaction would be concluded within 14 days from the day you signify interest to assist me , on my private email address : fordhenry @ handbag . com
i wait to hear from you as soon as possible . thanks and god bless you for your anticipated cooperation .
henry ford .