Subject: award winnings notification ( congratulations ) .
lottonet international .
from : international promotion / prize award dept .
ref : lli / 2401402 / 011
batch : 180 / 006 / 19702 / lipda / sl .
re : winning notification / final notice
sir / madam ,
we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 30 th of june , 2004 . your personal , email - address attached to ticket number : 7017 - 41621018 with serial number vmh 4710019 . drew lucky numbers 80 - 35 - 11 - 72 - 90 - 41 , which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out
of 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 euros . ( one million euros only )
already insured in your favour .
this is to help encourage the rapid use of microsoft ware users and to enlighten and promote the use of the internet within the global world , under the sponsorship of http : / / www . quuxuum . org / ~ evan / bgnw . html - 63 k - 24 mar
2004 - . & http : / / www . thirdworldtraveler . com / zeroes / sultan _ brunei . htm , together
with the usa , australia & a few members of the eu states .
congratulations ! ! !
due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants .
all participants were selected through a computer ballot machine system from the internet , randomly drawn from over 100 , 000 . 00 companies and 50 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( individuals private / personal ) email addresses and names from all over the world , where your own email address happens to have been luckily selected and to have attracted this winnings . this promotional program takes place every three - years .
we hope with part of your winnings you will equally take part to help us promote our november participation in the
http : / / www . wla 2004 . com / home . asp # convention / tradeshow for a growth innovation and reputation scheme .
to file in and collect your claims for this prize winnings award , please quickly contact our nominated fiducial / accredited agent :
dr stone harlen . ( for ) stone harlen consultancy & securities . email :
stoneharlencons @ netscape . net . remember , all winning must be claimed not
later than ( 23 rd september , 2004 ) . after this date all unclaimed funds will be retrieved and included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid
unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence .
furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible .
congratulations once more from our members of staff for having been a lucky winner in our international promotions program .
note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified .
sincerely yours ,
phillmaria . j . angelus ( mrs ) .
lottery coordinator .
http : / / www . lottonet . com . au / index . html .
note ! ! ! we shall not send you any other reminder if you dont respond
promptly , since this is our second reminder to you after our last months
notification sent out to you via , the same email address .
confidentiality : this e - mail message is confidential and is intended only for the addressee of the email address holder . any unauthorized use or disclosure is strictly prohibited . disclosure of this e - mail to anyone other than the intended addressee does not constitute waiver of privilege . if you have received this communication in error , please notify us immediately and delete this . thank you for your cooperation .