Subject: fortune award winning final notification
from : the prize award department
fortune loteria , madrid , spain .
congratulations category a prize winner ! you have been
selected as one of the five winners of the worldwide loteria fortune madrid ,
spain computer ballot draws and thus will be a privileged recipient of the
grand draw prize of 705 , 366 . 87 euros ( seven hundred and five thousand three hundred and sixty six euros and eighty seven cents only ) .
winning file reference number for your prize is wwpl / es / 61 - 812087 ; ticket
number 004 - 05117963 - 198 .
we at the worldwide loteria la fortune spain , are by this program , launching
our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to
satisfy the cravings of the ever growing number of participants in our
various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous
draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in
record time .
after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from the initial database of
300 , 000 emails and zoning all participants by their respective continents
from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have
emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize .
to ensure smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your
prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our
agents by email and within a week of receiving this notice .
dont forget to include your contact telephone and fax number .
please find full contact details below :
your claims agent ,
mr . jose martinez dominguez ,
fortune loteria .
c / burgos 27
madrid - spain .
email : josemardominguez @ netscape . net
martinez 2007 @ terra . es
also find all other relevant winning lottery information below :
draw serial no : 99375 .
batch no : 24 / 00319 / ipd .
grand draw no : 31 - 33 - 34 - 35 - 36 - 42 .
you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and
numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to
avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous
individuals .
please direct all further correspondence and queries to your respective
category prize transfer handlers .
do remember that all winning must be claimed 15 days from the day you
receive this notification . after this date all unclaimed funds will be
included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary
delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and
batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change
of address or appointment , do inform us as soon as possible in order for us
to make an alternative arrangement for you . congratulations once more from
our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional
program .
note : anybody under the age of 21 is automatically disqualified .
sincerely ,
lopez hernandez
international promotions manager