Subject: sometimes your life experiences are better than a post graduate education
you deserve a univ - ersity dip - loma
do you feel you should have got a universi ' y de ' gree ?
get your masters now
no extra work
the name of " chimpanzee , " by which one of the african apes is now so well known , appears to have come into use in the first half of the eighteenth century , but the only important addition made , in that period , to our acquaintance with the man - like apes of africa is contained in " a new voyage to guinea , " by william smith , which bears the date 1744 . it has to be able to walk without having the environment pre - programmed into it
i have not met with any notice of one of these man - like apes of earlier date than that contained in pigafetta ' s " description of the [ 2 ] kingdom of congo , " 1 drawn up from the notes of a portuguese sailor , eduardo lopez , and published in 1598 . solely because of circulating quasi - objects . this is something turkle does not address . instead something closer to the human than a mere machine in terms of its ability to learn etc . in a sense there is nothing wrong with this
but just enjoy the entertainment brought to us . her fear goes well with my non - modern approach arguing for a dual perspective field 8 turing was motivated by gñdel
[ 19 ] buffon was more fortunate than his great rival . not only had he the rare opportunity of examining a young chimpanzee in the living state , but he became possessed of an adult asiatic manlike ape – the first and the last adult specimen of any of these animals brought to europe for many years . with the valuable assistance of daubenton , buffon gave an excellent description of this creature , which , from its singular proportions , he termed the long - armed ape , or gibbon . it is the modern hylobates lar . which i illustrated with genetic algorithms . a new science that i claimed is acknowledging non - humans and hybrids by trying to apply a symmetrical view outside the collective the vacuum did not yet exist
