Subject: amtk aligned with baxter ( nyse : bax ) , medtronic ( nyse : mdt ) and others
could soon bring huge profits to investors .
sleeper stock alert
amtk aligned with baxter ( nyse : bax ) , medtronic ( nyse : mdt ) and others could soon bring huge profits to investors .
company :
stock symbol :
current price :
website :
industry :
success :
austin medical technologies , inc .
amtk
$ 0 . 05 - $ 0 . 054
www . austinmedtech . com
healthcare / software
provides surgical products which perform over 200 , 000 surgeries per year
years in business : 4 and years
sleeper stock alert seeks out little known , up and coming companies that are poised to break out of their trading patterns and reach new highs , we all know that no matter where the market heads , smart investors use these techniques to build ever growing fortunes . the company profiled today , amtk , is a perfect example of a company that we feel has such potential . by getting in early , savvy investor ' s have the best chance of turning small investment ' s into a fortune . sleeper stock alert feels that the clich the greater the risk the greater the reward holds true
business description : austin medical technologies , inc . uses the dell model to deliver the only single source supply solution of custom sterile procedure trays and medical devices through innovative technology and traditional sales channels dedicated exclusively to the outpatient surgery centers ( asc ) market . eyedireciti is a dominate brand in the ophthalmic market segment .
who do they sell to : the fastest growing segment of heath care ; the outpatient surgery center ' s ( asc ' s ) performing 45 million surgeries per year representing a $ 1 . 4 billion dollar market . surgery ' s such as : lasik , cataract , glaucoma and retinal surgery , plastic , orthopedic , ent , ob / gyn fertility , pain management , cardiology , oncology , dermatology , urology , and vascular surgery . the annual growth in this market is over 25 % per year .
pain in this market : there is no single source supply solution in the market ; therefore customers have high cost dealing with multiple suppliers . no technology to build and manage a pre - packaged device environment designed to deliver 65 - 80 % of disposable surgical supply needs .
market potential : asc ' s represent a $ 1 . 4 billion dollar market potential for products and services austin medtech delivers .
company background : successfully implemented the first technology based supply chain solution for ophthalmology that directly reduces overall operating cost for our customers , suppliers and partners . secured partnerships with : 1 ) baxter healthcare , inc . ( nyse : bax ) a world leader in health care manufacturing and 2 ) medtronic ophthalmic ( nyse : mdt ) a world leader in medical devices and 3 ) allergan , inc . ( nyse : agn ) leading pharmaceutical company and 4 ) cynacon / ocusoft , inc . a leader in ophthalmic diagnostics .
management : for 22 years the ceo has held leading sales and management positions with allegiance ( 14 / yrs ) and maxxim ( 3 / yrs ) who collectively control 60 % of the 2 billion dollar custom sterile pack market . the rest of the management team has proven track records .
uniqueness / intellectual property ( ip ) : austin medical technologies , inc . has proprietary technology that is web - based to empower the customer to drive out cost , keep control and improve efficiencies .
strategic alliances : w ith baxter healthcare , inc . for manufacturing , and allergan , inc . , a dedicated ophthalmic sales force in the us and canada .
customer acquisition historical and projected - annualized growth :
customer growth remains brisk and by leveraging partnerships the company has over 100 sales professionals representing its products and services .
in fact in a press release issued in july of this year the company went on to say sales from 2003 were up 202 % over 2002 and sales for the lq of 2004 were up 54 % from the lq of 2003 and sales for the 2 q of 2004 were up 45 % over the 2 q of 2003 . the company also stated that it signed several multi year contracts in the lq of this year , fortec onsight was added as a customer in the 2 q and signed 12 new multi year contracts in june . we believe this sleeper stock is just beginning to awaken .
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . "
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind ! that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move , undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 4000 froma third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks
austin medical technologies , inc . 6505 west park blvd . , ste . 306 plano , tx 75093
