Subject: don , t neglect this , you have won a prize ! ! !
from : the desk of the managing director
once spanish sweepstake lottery / prize award department
head office madrid , spain .
attn : mr / mrs / miss
re : award notification .
we are pleased to inform you of the released results of the once spanish
sweepstake lottery international promotion program held on the 14 th september ,
2004 .
your email address was attached to a ticket reference number esl / 935747 / 74
with batch number 5803 / 02 / es which drew the lucky numbers 3 8 2 1 9
which consequently won the lottery in the lst category .
all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn
from 25 , 000 names from europe , america , australia , asia , and north
america as part of our international promotions program which we co
nduct once every year . you have therefore been approved for lump sum pay
out of 450 . 000 , 00 ( four hundred and fifty thousand euros only ) in cash
credited to file ref number : esl / 935747 / 74 . this is from total cash prize
of 3 . 6 m ( three million six hundred thousand euros ) shared among the
eight international winners in this category .
congratulations !
your fund is now deposited to your reference and due to the mixed up of
numbers and names , we ask you to keep this award top secret from public
notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to
your account as this is a part of our security protocol to avoid double
claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants .
your lucky winning number falls within our zone c european booklet
representative office for payment . to begin your claim please contact
our financial consultant with contact information below ;
mr collins stone
payment and logitics manager
kasa de espana credito , madrid , spain .
tel : + 34 - 670 - 557 - 945
email : kasadeespana @ netscape . net
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember
to quote your ,
1 . full name .
2 . ticket reference number .
3 . telephone and fax numbers ,
furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent
as soon as possible . remember that all prize money must be claimed not
later than 4 th of november , 2004 . after this date all funds will be
returned to
the ministry de economic y hacienda as unclaimed fund .
congratulations again from all members of our staff and thank you for
being a part of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
sulemon frank reference number
managing director