Subject: buisness project
attn :
this letter was first sent to you via post mail two months ago but until now , i have not heard from you . based on this , i decided to reach you through this means . though ,
i know for security reasons , this is not the safest means to reach you , but was left with no other viable option since there is the pressing need to reach you .
i am quite sure that this mail will surprise you since i have not been having previous correspondences with you .
please i am prince akin jr , the only son of late chief george akin from sierra leone . i am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance to transfer our cash of fifteen million dollars ( $ 15 , 000 , 000 ) now in the custody of a private security company here in south africa to your private account pending our arrival to your country .
my late father , chief george akin , a native of mende district in the northern province of sierra . leone , was the general manager of sierra leone mining co - operation ( s . l . m . c . ) freetown . according to my father . this money was the income accrued from mining co - operation ' s over draft and minor sales . before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces of major paul koroma and the combined forces of ecomog peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country , following the forceful removal from power o the civilian elected president ahmed tejan kabbah by the rebels . my father had already made arrangement for his family , my mother , my little sister and myself to be evacuated to south africa with our personal effects .
my father deposited the fund at a private security company in south africa for the safe custody until after the war when he will join us . during the war in my country , and following the indiscriminate looting of public and government properties by the rebel in forces , the sierra leone mining coop . was one of the targets looted and destroyed .
my father including other top government functionaries were attacked and killed by the rebels in november 2002 because of his relationship with the civilian government of ahmed tejan kabbah . as a result of my father death , and with the news of my uncles involvement in air crash in january , dashed our hope of survival .
the untimely deaths caused my mothers heart failure and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital after we must have spent a lot of money on her . now my 18 - year - old sister and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care or help . without any relation , we are now like refugees and orphans . our only hope now is in fund our father deposited in the private security company to this effect , i humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways . to assist me claim this fund from the security company as a co - beneficiary . to
transfer this money in your name to your country . to make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our behalf in your country and you , the caretaker . to secure a college for my little sister and my self in your country to further our education . and to make arrangement for our travel with you to your country after you have transferred this fund . most importantly . the whole documents issued after deposit in my custody .
for your assistance , i beg to concede 10 % of this money to you for your efforts assistance .
best regards
prince akin jr [ for the family ]
alternative email address : ( ritahnze @ yahoo . co . uk ) for my young sister .