Subject: assistance and investment !
mr : donald kabilatele : 27 - 839 - 851 - 035 attn : president / ceo i know you will be surprise to receive this but do please consider it a request from a suffering familyin serious need of your humble assistance . my family had to bring before you this proposal because we sincerely hope you will be reliable to assist us . anyway , my name is as above stated . i am the first son to the second wife of the recently assassinated president of the democratic republic of congo , late laurent kabila . my mother got your contact information through a family friend who works with the south african chamber of commerce and industry . six months before the assassination of my father , he had used my name to deposit in a metal box the flat sum of twenty six million united states
dollars = us $ 26 m = in a vault of a private security firm in johannesburg , south africa . the security company do not know the actual content of the box deposited with them since my father declared it to be precious metals . this money was to be used forhis second tenure election campaign bid but unfortunately , his own personal aide assassinated him in a palace coup on the early hour of january 16 th , 2001 . since my father ’ s death , my step mother has continued to be extremely mean and discriminatory to us in the family scheme of things because his son , mr . joseph kabila , now rule as president . she has even arbitrarily accused my mother of having master minded our father ’ s assassination and all sorts of groundless accusations . as a result of all these , i decided to move my family to south africa . right now , i am staying with my family here in johannesburg but as refugees . as it is , i have now decided to divert this money for our own personal use but we would want to get
it transferred outside the continent for onward investment purposes . we do not want to invest here due to the volatile and sensitive status of the region . as an international partner , i genuinely solicit that you kindly help me and my family transfer this money into your country through your personal or company bank account for safe keeping pending my immediate arrival for onward investments , which we are going to rely on you heavily to help us materialize . this money will be paid into your account as acontract fund through a prime local bank here in johannesburg . i must stress here that there is no risk involvement of any kindsince our attorney have mapped out a very perfect and smooth - free transfer plans that will be concluded within a maximum of five working days of receiving your approval . we have resolved to offer you 20 % of the money for your assistance and every expenses are out rightly subject to instant refund . the rest will be for investments in your country or anywhere
you might suggest . further discussions will commence when we hear from you but donot forget the absolute confidentiality and mutualtrust required in this transaction . kindly contact uson the above - specified direct contact numbers should this proposal happen to meet your utmost considerations . in sincerity , mr . donald kabila
yahoo ! india matrimony : find your life partner
online .