Subject: a cry for help
dear friend ,
greetings to you and your family ! this mail might come to you as a surprise
and the temptation to ignore it as unserious could come into your mind ;
but please consider it a divine wish and accept it with a deep sense of
humility . my name is jose a . martinez . i am a 64 years old man , i am cuban
currently residing in dubai ( united arab emirate ) . i was formerly living
in cuba and served under castro ` s government but had to run into self exile
after the ruling government of fidel castro closed in on my family on accusations
of anti - government statements , i was once married with two children but
my family could not escape before the deadly hands of castro ` s goons fell
on them . l did made a lot of money serving castro and on getting to uae ,
i have been a merchant here in dubai dealing in ornamentals , oriental carpets
and artifacts and life was very smooth for me until about three ( 3 ) years
ago when i was first diagnosed of cancer of the larynx .
before this happened my business and concern for making money was all i
lived for , i never really cared about other values in life . but since the
loss of my family and hometown , i have found a new desire to assist helpless
families . i have been helping orphans in orphanage / motherless homes . i have
once donated some money to orphans in war ravaged eritrea , somalia , sudan
and some east european countries . before i became ill , i kept $ 4 . 5 million
in a long - term deposit vault of a security / finance company and i didn ` t
state any next of kin when the money was deposited and if i died without
stating any the money will automatically go into the coffers of the security
company and i don ` t want this to happen . i have left the hospital and presently
receiving treatment in an acupuncture clinic , i have been undergoing treatment
for oesophageal cancer at the hospital . i have since lost my ability to
talk and my doctors have told me that i have only a few months to live .
it is my last wish to see this money distributed to charity organizations .
because relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth since
my illness , i cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge responsibility
to any of them . please , i beg you in the name of god to help me collect
the deposit and distribute it amongst charity organizations . use your judgement
to distribute the money and feel free to reimburse yourself when you have
the money for any cost you incur during the process of collecting and distributing
the money to charity organizations . i am going to send you vital documents
to back my claims and i am willing to offer you a reward if you are willing
to help , please reply as soon as you can on my alternate email address :
( josemartinez @ starmail . com ) . looking forward to hearing from you soonest .
regards ,
j . a martinez
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
