Subject: re : biz , the momentum investor report
domingo hurst ,
sequoia interests
trading symbol sqnc pk
what if a company had a product that would allow oil wells to
produce much more oil ?
what would that stock be worth with todays oil prices close to 50
usd per barrel ?
10 , 20 , 30 , 100 usd ? and now several of the major oil companies are
currently testing the product .
at 0 . 50 we think sqnc is a homerun .
to solve this problem , the oil industry is looking for new
alternatives for increased exploration and production . the clear
solution for increased demand and consumption can already be found
in the ground , with nearly two thirds of oil left in the ground at
us wells , too technically complex or expensive to extract with
traditional technologies . enhanced oil recovery , eor , is an exciting
new frontier in the oil and gas industry which you are going to hear
more of in the coming years . sqncs innovative new product ,
diamondflo , could be at the forefront of this frontier .
sqnc has strong interest from major oil and gas companies for
testing and potential licensing of this product , and is in the final
stages of the research and development of diamondflo . with testing
expected to be completed in the next 60 to 90 days , and planned
patent application shortly thereafter , announcements from sqnc could
cause price gains for this stock over the coming months . what is
more , diamondflos unique chemical properties , make it an ideal
solution for a number of other application in the oil and gas
industry , including remediation and environmental cleanup of oil
fields , refineries , and storage facilities ; an estimated 8 . 1 billion
market . with this revolutionary product in the development pipeline ,
sqnc has also made some aggressive moves into oil and gas production
with its recent acquisition of leases in pecos valley , texas . these
operations will act as a testbed for development and validation of
the diamondflo product and could provide an additional revenue
stream and source of cash flow for sqnc .
with the commercialization of its diamondflo product looming near ,
we feel that it is only a matter of time before wall street
recognizes this stock . what is more , sqnc is positioned within an
industry that has seen tremendous upside growth , and is headed for
even more appreciation as the global oil crisis demands new
production solutions . over the last twelve months , the oil well
services and equipment industry has seen an average price gain of
more than 88 percent , and savvy investors in emerging companies have
witnessed tremendous profits . we believe that sqnc is one of the
most revolutionary new companies on the market . with major
announcements stemming from the completion of r and d on diamondflo ,
do you think sqnc could make a nice move in the coming day ? .
a few reasons to own sqnc .
1 . with its innovative diamondflo product , sqnc is positioned to
help alleviate the impending oil and gas crisis , with producers
struggling to keep up with growing us energy demands , as foreign
exploration and production comes under increasing geopolitical
pressures . increased consumption demands have combined with an
increasingly unstable international production climate to create
some of the highest prices seen at the pump since the 1970 s oil
embargo , and crude oil prices on the spot market have recently
approached the 50 usd mark . as oil companies seek new ways to
maximize domestic oil recovery , the chemical eor approach of sqnc
will be a major factor in increasing production and removing
dependence on foreign oil .
2 . enhanced oil recovery , eor , represents the logical next step in
expanding domestic oil production , and represents a tremendous and
presently underappreciated market potential . over two thirds of oil
in us reservoirs is left unproduced after primary and secondary
production , leaving an incredible and untapped source for us energy
needs . according to the us department of energy , eor has the
potential to recover 35 billion barrels of oil , 50 percent more than
the current us proven reserves of 23 billion barrels , and even
greater than the us estimated undiscovered potential of 30 billion
barrels . with its diamondflo chemical eor solution , sqnc could be
ideally positioned to benefit from a renewed focus on production
from these untapped oil reserves .
3 . sqnc has developed a revolutionary chemical eor product ,
diamondflo which offers tremendous advantages over thermal and gas
eor methods . thermal and gas , primarily co 2 injection to stimulate
production are costly and require a complex infrastructure , while
other chemical eor products have had limited success and are
environmentally damaging . by contrast , diamondflo is expected to
generate recovery of 20 to 40 percent above current methods , is
environmentally safe and meets strict regulatory standards for oil
recovery and remediation , and will be available to producers at a
comparable price point to competitive products . with introduction of
diamondflo to the market following completion of testing and
development , sqnc could revolutionize the oil and gas industry with
this innovative approach to enhanced oil recovery .
4 . in addition to its principal application in eor , sqncs diamondflo
product has additional applications in the 8 . 1 billion oil and gas
remediation market . during the testing process , diamondflo has
demonstrated exceptional remediation properties , with static
remediation tests determining that it removed more than 80 percent
of hydrocarbons from soil with no significant hydrocarbon emulsion ,
mixing of oil and water . this discovery paves the way for eventual
application in environmental cleanup of oil facilities or spills ,
and opens up a tremendous new market for sqnc . since 1992 , the
american petroleum industry estimates that over 90 billion has been
spent by the oil and gas industry to protect the environment , with
8 . 1 billion spent annually in environmental expenditures .
this publication is an independent publication with the goal of
giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and
profitable investment decisions . use of the material within this
newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing
statement . this publication does not provide an analysis of the
companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase
or sell securities investing in securities is speculative and
carries risk . it is advisable that any investment should be made
after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the
financial statements of the company . the information in this report
is believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past
performance does not insure similar future results . this is not
purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured
company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s regulatory
filings at secgov the information herein contains future looking
statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the
securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange
act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual
growth of the featured company . any statements that express or
involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations ,
beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact
and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are
based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the
statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from
those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this
action may be identified through the use of words such as projects ,
foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifty
nine thousand five hundred dollars from a third party , not an
officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the
preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid publication . all factual information in this report
was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to
company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this
information is believed to be reliable but can make no absolute
certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many microcap
stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting .
those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its
inception , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers ,
directors and a majority shareholder to pay expenses , nominal cash
and the need to raise capital . the company may have a going concern
opinion from its auditor .
hackberry shawl arlen demarcate biography face slacken hygroscopic crematory pilferage billet muezzin object carborundum io suspense chianti lsi vapid adolphus tiber bluefish butadiene microjoule bookkeep appleton .