Subject: yours sinserelly
barrister paul okpara
equity chambers ,
lagos ,
nigeria .
please you should reply to my private email address
( paul 8 @ lawyer . com )
attention :
i am mr . paul okpara , principal partner benson & associates
( equity chambers ) . i need your urgent and very confidential
approach to this proposition .
on january 6 , 1998 , my client a foreign oil consultant / contractor
with the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) , mr .
james gibson made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve
calendar months , valued at us $ 17 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( seventeen million five
hundred thousand united states dollars ) .
upon maturity of his deposit , the chambers got a routine
notification from the finance house which was sent to his
forwarding address .
after a month , we got a reminder from the finance house and i had
to verify his where about from his contract employers , the nnpc .
unfortunately , i was informed by the nnpc that my client died
from an automobile accident about a month to the first letter
from the finance house .
as his legal representative , i know that my client died without
making a will and all my attempts to trace his next of kin has
been fruitless .
furthermore , as his attorney , i am aware that he did not declare
any next of kin or relations in all his official documents ,
including his depository form with the finance house .
according to nigerian law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years ,
the money will revert to the ownership of the nigerian government
if nobody applies to claim the fund .
since i have been unsuccessfully in locating the relatives , i
seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of my late
client so that the proceeds of this account valued at us $ 17 , 500 , 000 . 00
( minus incurred interest ) can be paid to you .
i will expect you to use your human discretion in sharing the
funds when it ' s been transferred into your custody .
i will put together all necessary legal documents that can be
used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your
honest cooperation to enable us sees this deal through
particularly your words of honor not to sit on the funds when
it? ? ? s in your control . please !
i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law .
telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this
transaction .
i wait to hear from you soon , have a nice day .
please you should reply to my private email address
( paul 8 @ lawyer . com )
thank you .
barrister paul okpara
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
