Subject: fraud messages spread over e - gold users !
dear e - gold user !
net scammers under the name of e - gold users send many fraud messages !
please be advised e - gold will never send you an html email with a hypertext
link asking you to click on the link to access your account !
there are numerous fraudulent emails in circulation spoofing e - mail
addresses in the e - gold . com domain . these emails direct you to
log into your account to verify information or update information
and they usually operate on greed or fear in order to entice victims
to click a hypertext link .
these emails may say your account has a value limit , you have
received fraudulent funds , your account will be closed for inactivity ,
or that e - gold is paying monthly interest payments .
regardless of the subject line of the fraudulent emails , they always
have one thing in common . the hypertext link in the email will appear
to be to the e - gold website , but if clicked , it directs the victim
to a fraudulent website , designed to ensnare the careless by mimicking
the appearance of the real e - gold website . the technique used to
obscure the true destination of such hypertext links is via the
use of html formatted e - mail .
the ultimate goal of the criminal is to entice his victims to enter
their e - gold account number and passphrase while on the fraudulent
website . once the criminal has gained this information , he has
everything he needs to log in to the victim ' s e - gold account
on the real e - gold website and divert the value .
we urge users to :
1 never click hypertext links in html formatted e - mail to access your account .
2 confirm that you are on the e - gold website before entering your e - gold
passphrase into either a logon form or a payment authorization form
( see note below about e - gold shopping cart interface ) :
- verify the address / location / url starts with : https : / / www . e - gold . com /
- verify the site is secure ( look at the ssl lock icon at the bottom of your browser window )
- verify that the site certificate is issued by verisign to www . e - gold . com
e - gold shopping cart interface ( sci )
merchant sites using the e - gold sci will pass you to the e - gold website
at checkout to authorize payment . the e - gold sci will pass you back to
the merchant ' s site after you have received confirmation of your e - gold
spend . all of the above criteria for verifying you are on the e - gold
website also apply to spends made via the e - gold sci .
] ] >
