Subject: business proposal ! !
mr . peter gordons
imperial bank .
140 boeing road east
elma park edenvale
gauteng 1610
republic of south africa .
fax : + 27 : 732 : 632 : 745
email : petergordons @ netscape . net
dear sir / madam ,
i am mr . peter gordon , head : enterprise wide risk and member of the executive
and risk committees . of imperial bank , south africa . this is an urgent and
very confidential business proposition .
on june 6 , 2000 , a foreign oil consultant / contractor with the south african
institute of mining and metallurgy , mr . stephen garrick made a numbered
time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 26 , 500 , 000 . 00 , ( twenty - six
million , five hundred thousand dollars ) .
upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but
got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered
from his contract employers , the national petroleum corporation that mr . stephen
garrick died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found
out that he died without making a " will " , and all attempts to trace his
next of kin was fruitless .
i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . stephen garrick
did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including
his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 26 , 500 , 000 . 00 has
carefully been fixed in my bank for safekeeping . no one will ever come forward
to claim it . according to south african law , at the expiration of 5 ( five )
years , the money will revert to the ownership of the government if nobody
applies to claim the fund .
consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand
in as the owner of the money which was fixed deposited in my bank . i am
writing you because i as a public servant , i cannot operate a foreign account .
i want to present you as the owner of the funds so you can be able to claim
them with the help of my attorney . this is simple . i will like you to provide
immediately your full names , telephone / fax numbers and address , so that the
attorney will prepare the necessary documents which will put you in place
as the beneficiary of the funds .
the money will be moved out for us to share in the ratio of 80 % for me and
20 % for you . the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney
if you are interested , please reply immediately via my email address and
upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details that will
help you understand the transaction .
please observe utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this transaction
would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance
to invest my share in real estate within your country .
due to the nature of confidentiality in this transaction our communication
can only be via email and fax mostly .
awaiting your urgent reply via email .
thanks and my regards .
mr . peter gordon .
please reply to my fax number or email : petergordons @ netscape . net