Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? reply ? =
from = nzanga mobutu
please respond to my alternative email
address " jomomobutunzanga @ gawab . com "
dear friend ,
i know that this letter will come to you as a surprise
considering the fact that we have not met before . i am truly
looking for someone that will assist me with a business that has
to do with my family estate which my late father left behind for
us . i am contacting you based on the fact that i want some one
that is not known to my family to assist me in this business and
this is for security reasons which i will explain to you as we
make progress .
i am the first son of the late joseph desire mobutu , the former
president of " zaire " now democratic republic of congo .
i am presently on political asylum in nigeria . i got your
contact over the internet during my search for a person that
will assist me in this business . this became neccessary as i do
not want anybody known to me or my family to be associated with
this money .
i want you to note that this business will benefit both of us
and that it is 100 % risk free . however , you must confirm your
ability to handle this because it involves a large amount of
money . the funds " thirty seven million united states
dollars " ( $ 37 million ) is my share of my father ' s estate . i boxed
and shipped the money to a security company abroad at the peak
of the a political uprising that rocked my country few years
ago . now that the crisis has ended , i need a trustworthy person
to proceed to the place of the security company in order to
clear the fund and afterwards , i will come to your country for us
to start a joint business venture as i do not have the intention
of bringing the funds back to africa for a very long time . note
that i will send to you the relevant documents that will enable
\ you take
possession of the fund for onward investment for our mutual
benefit .
all i need from you is as follows :
1 . your confirmation of your ability to handle this business for
me .
2 . your word that you will keep this business as confidential as
possible at all times until we conclude this business .
3 . your telephone and fax numbers for communication .
4 . your full permanent address .
as soon as i get the above information from you , i will disclose
to you the name and the country of the security company , the
contact of the diplomat that i have hired to assist nus in this
business , as well as your name and particulars to the security
company as my representative and my partner to enable them
contact you accordingly .
as we make progress , i will send to you a " letter of authority "
and " agreement letter " to enable you clear the fund on my
behalf . note that this is a very safe transaction as this funds
is my share of my father ' s estate . i await your response to
enable us proceed .
regards ,
from ; nzanga mobutu
please respond to my alternative email
address " jomomobutunzanga @ gawab . com "
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br