Subject: business proposal
your honour ,
this proposal may be of a surprise to you , as we have not met in any way
before . i feel you will serve as a reliable source to be used to achieve
this aim , by trusting under your care the total sum of twenty million united
states dollars . my name is moses adams a national of haiti , solicitor at
law and the personal attorney to late mr . mark michelle a french citizen
who used to be a private contractor with the shell petroleum development
company in saudi arabia .
on the 21 st of april 2001 he was involved in an auto crash alongside his
wife and their three children all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately
lost their lives , since then i have made several enquiries to locate any
of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after
these several unsuccessful attempts i decided to contact you with this business
partnership proposal , i have contacted you to assist in repatriating the
funds left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable
by the finance / security company where these deposit was lodged .
the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin otherwise
have the account confiscated within this week , since i have been unsuccessful
in locating the relatives for over two years now . i seek your consent to
present you as the next of kin to the deceased so
that the money can be paid to you , this will be disbursed in these percentages
70 % to me and 30 % to you .
all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to
enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be
executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach
of the law .
please get in touch with me urgently at : micahio 22 @ yahoo . co . uk , and please
send me your direct telephone / fax numbers . your urgent response is highly
anticipated and will be appreciated , god almighty be with you .
thanks .
moses adams
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
