Subject: let ' s work together
mr . wang qin .
hang seng bank ltd ,
des voeux rd . branch
central hong kong
hong kong .
i am mr . wang qin , credit officer of hang seng bank
ltd , i have an urgent and very confidential business
proposition for you . i honestly apologize and hope i do
not cause you much embarrassment by contacting you
through this means for a transaction of this
magnitude , but this is due to confidentia lity and
prompt access reposed on this medium , sorry my english
is not very good .
furthermore , due to this issue on my hands now , it
became necesary for me to seek your assistance , and it
is imperative for me to know your opinion . on dec .
6 , 2000 , an american oil consultant / contractor with the
chinese solid minerals corporation , mr . richard nault
made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve
calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( therty
million dollars only ) in my branch .
upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers , the hong kong solid minerals
corporation that mr . richard nault died from an
automobile accident . on further investigation , i found
out that he died without making a will , and all
attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless .
i therefore made further investigation and discovered
that mr . richardnault did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents , including his
bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of
us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the
interest is being rolled over with the principal sum
at the end of each year .
no one will ever come forward to claim it . according
to laws of hong kong , at the expiration of 5 ( five )
years , the money will revert to the ownership of the
hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the
fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you
as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr .
richard nault so that the fruits of this old man ' s
labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt
government officials . this is simple , i will like you
to provide immediately your full names and address so
that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents
and affidavits that will put you in place as the next
of kin .
we shall employ the services of an attorney for
drafting and otarization of the will and to obtain the
necessary documents and letter of
probate / administration in your favor for the
transfer . the money will be paid into your account for
us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and 25 % for you
and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the
transaction .
there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the attorney and with my
position as the credit officer guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction . if you are
interested , please reply immediately . you may reply to
my email box , chanolee @ netscape . net upon your
response . i shall then provide you with more details
and relevant documents that will help you understand
the transaction . please send me your confidential
telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you
should observe utmost confidentiality , and rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because i shall require your assistance
to invest my share in your country .
awaiting your urgent reply .
thanks and regards .
mr . wang qin .
nb , you may reply to my email box ,
chanolee @ netscape . net