Subject: congratulations you have won the hague lottery awards , please write back for claim immediately ! !
attn - sir
hague questry lottery
bonpostraat 26
7651 am groningen
the netherlands .
from : the desk of the promotions manager ,
international promotions / prize award department ,
ref : tlot / 33900560 / 04
batch : 24 / ai 90061 / 8482 / ui
attention :
re / award notification ; final notice
we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , 8 th october , 2004
of winners of the the hague questry promo lottery , the netherlands /
international , programs held on 28 th september , 2004 .
your email address , is attached to a ticket number , with serial number 4399 - 11 and the
lucky numbers preserved and insured
for strict award distinct , identifying your lottery award in the 3 rd category
you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of
us $ 5 , 500 . 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no . tlot / 33900560 / 04 . this is from
total prize money of us $ 80 , 400 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen
international winners in this category . all participants were selected
through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from aust ralia , new
zealand , america , europe , north america , africa and asia as
part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually .
congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a security company
insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we
ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your
claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account .
this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or
unscrupulous acts by participants of this program .
we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of
year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery .
to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ;
mrs brian debby
foreign service director ,
on email address : b _ debbyhague @ hotmail . com
please send your telephone and fax nos along .
for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated
account of the official bank to the lottery matters .
remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 20 th october 2004 .
after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please
remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your
correspondences with your agent .
furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your
claims agent as soon as possible .
congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part
of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
andre woods
the promotions director ,
the hague questry promo lottery , the netherlands . promo lottery , the netherlands . .
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will
result to disqualification .
sorry for the late information thanks