Subject: i need your urgent assistance
from : donald williams esq
60 cannon street
london ec 4 n 6 jp ,
england .
my e - mail : donald 2003 ms @ jumpy . it
dear sir
i need your assistance to transfer and invest 15 m . pounds sterlin ( fifteen
million great britain pounds ) i have the courage to ask for your assistance
to handle this important and confidential business believing that you will
never let me down either now or in future .
i am barrister donald williams a u . k national and i am the attorney to
late dennise berkins a foreigner and an engineer with atlas engineering
consultancy , here in united kingdom .
late dennise berkins has an account with a bank here in the u . k since 1990 . but
his untimely death was as a result of cardiac arrest which did not give
him any opportunity to make a will .
i received a memo early this month from the bank for an interview ,
the bank informed me on their policy to freeze the account and redirect
the funds back to government treasury because they saw no next of kin or
any " will " in dennise berkins entire file except me , as his attorney but
not his inheritor .
after scrutinizing his entire file within my chamber i discovered that he
had no next of kin in his entire file with me too .
on that issue i opened up to the manager of operations of the bank on my
intention to move the funds for investments out of the united kingdom .
he then adviced me to look for a foreigner whom i can front because dennise
berkins is not a u . k national , so we shall require a person who is not residence
in the u . k
the fund was proceeds from contract sum paid into dennise berkins account
as payment for contracts executed according to the united kingdom financial
policies .
i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with foreign
account as the foreign beneficiary . i need your full co - operation to make
this transaction work .
all i need from you is your full name and address , to enable me start processing
the necessary required legal documents to back up your claim for the approval
of the transfer in your favour .
i will also need your telephone and fax numbers for oral communications
too when necessary .
we can sign a binding agreement between us and i will suggest we scan copies
of our international passports or drivers license as a form of security
between us .
i have resolved to share the money in this ratio .
50 % for me , 30 % for you , 15 % for the operations manager in the bank and 5 %
for expences we might incurre on the course of processing of this transaction .
i will come over to your country for sharing and investements as soon as
you confirm the funds in your desired account .
the entire details of this transaction and all the role you are required
to play , i will send to you on your positive response to this mail .
my alternative e - mail : donald 2002 ms @ jumpy . it
regards
barrister , donald williams
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
