Subject: urgent contact
engr . philip oluchi
plot 63 block 6 , victoria cresent avenue ,
ikoyi lagos nigeria
tel : 234 - 8028278055
philip _ olu 2003 @ myway . com
good day dear ,
i know it may supprise you to receive this email from me as we have not
meet with each other before , my name is philip oluchi , an engineer with
the ajaokuta steel company ltd ( ascl ) . my duty includes awards of
contracts , vetting and making payments on behalf of my ministry ( ascl ) .
subject : after due consideration , i have fully agreed to privately
invest extensively in your line of products / services . i am intending to
retire from government services to private business i decided to contact
you for an urgent business proposal . i have decided to deal with a
neutralperson like you because of the nature of the transaction as i will
equally be happy to arrange with you on terms of trade and possible
transfer of the funds needed for the investment into your company ' s account or personal account .
these funds were incurred as a kick back lifting of oil by the last top
military government . note that the former president of nigeria late
gen . sani abacha and his cabinet allowed the nations refineries to
collapse . this was a ground plot by the late head of state and his cabinets to enable them lift the nations oil through the back door to their foreign counterpart in other to enrich their individual foreign bank
account . this money ( us $ 22 . 3 m ) is now floating in the federal ministry of finance as a redundant fund waiting to be claimed . because of our new federal government decree on civil servants , we are officially not allowed to own a company or operate a foreign bank account . hence my soliciting for your assistance to enable me receives this fund into your company ' s account or personal account pending when i come over for the sharing .
to enable me start the process and remittance of the fund into your
bank account successfully within 14 banking days , i need the following
information from you by fax or e - mail : your full name / company name , your telephone and fax numbers for easy communication , your contact
address .
note that as soon as i receive this information it will be forwarded to
the appropriate quarters for final processing and approvals . with the
modalities i have worked out it makes it possible for you to act as a
contractor who worked under my ministry and now waiting to receive this payment and when satisfied by the agencies your bank account will be credited within 48 banking hours .
this transfer is 100 % risk free having done all the underground works
locally for the smooth transfer of the fund into your bank account
within the shortest period . i advised that you should keep this transaction a top secret and rest all correspondence to fax , e - mail or phone only .
finally i want you to assure me that you will work on my instruction
and my own share of the money will be safe . you will be rewarded with 30 % of the total sum for your honest assistance and co - operation and the balance of 70 % remain for me .
contact me by return mail through my alternative email
philip _ olu 2003 @ myway . com or through this same address for any question and further discussion .
awaiting your urgent response .
best regards ,
philip oluchi ( engr . )
