Subject: your acceptance in this matter is very important to me
no : 24 a idrisa road ,
baghdad .
republic of iraq .
salam
greetings to you in the name of our allah i got your e mail through the
help of my nurse who scanned the internet and gave me your mail .
i am mrs aisha simi mohammed a devoted muslim , a new muslim convert of 74
years old after being converted from a christian family by my husband .
for quite a good number of years now , i have been suffering from cancer
of the breast and fibroid of the womb which has for a long time now affected
my health and from all indications my condition is deteriorating by day and by
my doctor ' s prediction i have less than three months to live .
my husband who is now late was killed during the us / british attack
against the president of my country ( sadam hussain ) . my late husband
was a member of the contract award committee of the republican ministry of
petroleum and resources of iraq under the regime of sadam hussein
throughout the period of my marriage with my husband , all efforts to
bear children proved abortive because of my poor state of health . my
husband was a very wealthy and influential man during the post war iraq .
after his death , i inherited all his wealth since he has no other next of kin .
since it is now obvious that i may not survive my poor state of health ,
i have deemed it necessary to leave a legacy on earth and give a
positive account and justification of the life i lived on earth before the
almighty allah .
this i want to achieve by committing part of this wealth in all
sincerlity to fund , islamic orphanages , widows and the less priviledge peoples
all over the world . i know that afterdeath , i will be with allah the most
beneficent and the most merciful .
please , note that this sum ( us $ 10 million ) was securely deposited in a
security / financial company dubai in my name by my husband . i have
highlighted my attorney on the said sum and also told him that you will
contact him and also infomred him that you are my late husband business
outside my country , so he promised me of the possible assistance
he would render to you , as soon i get your urgent reply
i will forward to you the documents covering the money so as to
enable you receive it as i cannot follow it up because of my ill
health , this e mail is being written for me by the nurse in my private hospital .
presently , my attorney who is from accado but based in united arab emirates waiting for your call or email .
i will also issue you a letter of authorization to anable the money be
paid to you . i want you and the muslim / christains community and all servants of the
almighty where you reside to always pray for me . it does not matter your
religion or wether i trust you but do actualize my dreams with this money
for the sake of the almighty . my happiness is that i lived a life of a true
devoted life worthy of emulation .
lastly , i honestly pray that this money when remitted to you will be
judiciously used for the said purpose and you will take 10 % as a
compensation for your assistance in carrying out these humanitarian services .
whoever wants to serve god must serve him in truth and in fairness .
please always be prayerful all through your life . any delay in your
reply will give me room to source for another person or a devoted muslim
for this same purpose . until i hear from you , my dreams will rest squarely on
your shoulders . may the almighty allah continue to bless you
best regards .
hajia aisha simi mohammed