Subject: read and get back to me
good day ,
i know this letter will come to you as a surprise ; but this letter is borne out of my desire to establish a mutual business relationship with you , please keep it confidential ! i am mr . aliyu ahmed the son of dr ibrahim ahmed the former deputy finance minister under the ousted civilian government in sierra leone . my father was killed and mutilated by the military junta led by major paul koroma after over throwing the elected government of president tejan kabba . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events disturbances in sierra leone , but the , pressure of war drove me and my mother out of sierra leone into exile in south africa . where we have been living under political asylum for three years . sadly , my mother died of cancer three [ 3 ] months ago and was buried here in south africa . prior to her death , she handed over to me a certificate meant for a secret deposit which my father made in security / finance company in south africa . this deposit is worth [ us $ 10 . 000 . 000 . 00 ] ten million united states dollars only . and this money is in cash . my father made this deposit in the heat of the conflict then in my country , with the hope to convert it [ money ] to his personal use at the end of the war , unfortunately he was killed when the conflict intensified as result of his opposition to the rebel forces . after my mother ' s funeral , i contacted the security company to confirm this deposit and establish ownership as well made an arrangement for this deposit to be moved through diplomatic channel to united arab emirates presently , this sum of u . s $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( ten million dollars ) is currently being deposited in a security vault in dubai . i am seeking for your honest and sincere participation in the retrievement and reinvestment of this money . i cannot do it alone due to my complete ignorance of the business world , more over i am only 27 years old i will give you a negotiable percentage of the principal sum in deposit if you assist me to retrieve and reinvest this money in any profitable area of business in your country . please , i need your assistance urgently , because the more this consignment is still with the company , the more the demurrage accumulates . contact me through the same email address . god bless you , thanks you . aliyu ahmed jnr .