Subject: partnership investment
dr ahmed chuka chisom . federal ministry of works & housing
( fmwh ) lagos - nigeria .
phone : 234 - 80 - 33231814
attn : madam / sir .
dear ,
i am dr ahmed chuka chisom a deputy director in the federal ministry of works we can transfer the sum of us $ 13 . m ( thirteen million united states dollars ) .
the sum arose from the deliberate over - invoicing of contracts bills of some contracts awarded by my ministry during the interim government of former military leader , general abdulsalam abubakah who handed over the government to the democratically elected government in 30 th may 1999 . since then the money has been lying in a suspense current account of my ministry with the central bank of nigeria . however , the current favourable political / economic climate in the country presented an
opportunity for this money to be transferred out of the country without hitch .
a friend who was formally residing in your country made your company address available to us . he assured us of your company ? s reputability and capability in business transactions . however , he does not know the details and nature of the impending transaction . this assurance gave us confidence to contact you for this particular transaction , and i believe it would be of mutual benefit to both of us .
we have put in motion the machinery for the take off of this transaction and further action will commence immediately we hear from you . we have agreed that after the transfer of the money into your account , you shall be entitled to 20 % of the total sum , my colleagues and i shall take 75 % while 5 % has been mapped out to reimburse all local and international expenses that may be incurred in the course of the transaction .
the nature of your business is not particularly relevant for the success of this transaction , all we require is your willingness to co - operate andassurance that our own share will be given to us when this money arrives your account . all necessary precautions have been taken , to ensure a no risk situation on the sides of both parties and it is believed that this transaction will take 14 working days , to finalize .
please if this proposal is acceptable to you , contact me on the above phone number or e - mail address . should you have any question , feel free to contact me on the same numbers . if however , you are not interested in this proposal , kindly let me know and do not disclose the contents of this letter to a third party .
please include your private telephone and fax numbers while replying this letter for easy communications .
best regards ,
dr ahmed chuka chisom .