Subject: award notification
treasure chest sweepstakes lottery ,
nachtwachtlaan 20 ,
amsterdam 1058 ea ,
the netherlands .
from : mr . tymen rykaard
the promotions manager ,
international promotions / prize award department .
re / award notification
we are pleased to inform you of the announcement
today 13 th october 2004 of your selection as one of
the five winners of the promotional treasure chest
sweepstakes lottery netherlands held recently as
part of our experimental bonanza . you have
therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of
1 , 600 , 000 . 00 euros ( one million , six hundred
thousand euros only ) in cash credited to file ref
no . tcl / 2551256003 / 23 .
we in the treasure chest sweepstakes lottery
netherlands is by this program ,
launching our model computer balloting lottery
draws , developed and designed to satisfy the
cravings of the ever - growing number of participants
in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued
exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all
winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in
record time .
after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from
an initial database of 300 , 000 emails all
participants were selected through a computer
ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa ,
canada , europe , usa and south america as part our
international promotions program , which was
conducted in view of launching ourselves into the
sweepstakes industry worldwide and zoning all
participants by their respective continents from
across the globe , we produced an extensive list
from which you have emerged as one of the winners
of the grand draw prize .
to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the
transfer of your prize is to be handled by our
prize transfer agents .
you are to contact our agents by email or fax
within a week of receiving this notice . please find
full contact details below :
saal sander ,
foreign service manager ,
cashchange b . v .
sittard ,
the netherlands
tel : 31 - 619 928 076
fax : 31 205 248 515
email : saal _ sander 23 @ latinmail . com
also find all other relevant winning lottery
information below :
ref no : tcl / 2551256003 / 23
batch no : 14 / 0017 / ipd
zonal draw no : gmla 2 - 003
grand draw no : 12099
also send your name , email address , contact address
and country of residence when replying your claims
agent . remember , you must contact your claim agent
not later than a week of receiving this
notification . after this date , all funds will be
returned as unclaimed .
note :
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and
complications , please remember to quote your
reference and batch numbers in every one of your
correspondences with your agent .
furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all
winning lottery information and numbers from the
public in line with our company security protocol
to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of
this program by unscrupulous individuals .
congratulations again from all our staff and thank
you for being part of our promotions program .
yours sincerely ,
tymen rykaard
the promotions manager ,
treasure chest sweepstakes lottery .
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of
the winners will result to
disqualification . please do not reply to this mail .
contact your claim agent .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com