Subject: from donald
dear friend ,
my name is mr . donald lekota .
i am an accountant with a bank here in london .
there is a fixed deposit of £ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00
( fifteen million pounds sterling ) made to this bank
since 1994 which ten years now and since then no claim
or withdrawal has been made on that deposit .
fortunately , i have been the person working
the interest from the day of deposit to date .
the interesting part of it is that the fixed deposit
belongs to a man in yugoslavia , this means that the
account may have been abandoned by the surviving
family members or that they are not even aware of
the existence of the deposit .
however , i just finished updating the interest of the
deposit this january , and it has come up to
£ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 at 7 % interest rate per annum . it
is this interest that i am interested in because i
know very well that the family will care less on what
happens to the interest if they want to redeem the
deposit , they will be interested on the main money ,
that is if they are able to claim it at all because all
the money lodged into different banks here in europe
and united states are now been claimed .
meanwhile , my plan is to withdraw just some amount
from the accumulated interest , which will not even
affect the main fixed deposit . i will give you the
details of procedure and my full id when i receive
your reply and indication of partnership .
your reward and amount to withdraw will be our mutual
agreement to avoid any misunderstanding .
we have nothing to lose , we only have courage to do this .
please reply me as soon as possible .
yours sincerely ,
mr . donald lekota
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /