Subject: hello
col . a johnson
plot 61 kings drive ,
monrovia , liberia
email ; colajo 54 @ walla . com
dear friend ,
i wish you the best in life for you and your family , and i
hope you will receive this mail in good spirit and respond
quickly with utmost secrecy and confidentiality , i got your
address through my personal search for reliable person that
can help me in securing the safe keeping of the fund till
my arrival in your country . my name is col . anthony johnson
and i was the chief of security and operations for former
president charles taylor of liberia .
please protect this mail for the safety of my life and that
of my family to avoid us being toured or killed by his left
behind secret agents . please humbly beg you from the bottom
of my heart to listen very carefully , the situation in my
country is very critical and chaos , uproar and hostilities
had brought the country to its knees and from intelligent
report the center cannot hold anymore for former president
charles taylor and his government .
the intense pressure from united states , united nations ,
international community and west african peace keeping to
[ ecomog ] had made him former president charles taylor to
step aside and gone on exile and also pressure to face war
crime charges against humanity . which is going on now in my
country .
listen very carefully , you know my country liberia is very
rich with diamonds , and with my position as former chief of
security and operations i have accumulated so much diamonds
which i had sold to generate close to $ 25 . 5 million over
the years and it is this fund that i want to move to you
for safe keeping .
the funds are in two boxes in dollar denomination and it
would be sent to you through diplomatic courier service
with your name as the beneficiary within few days . please
would you do me a favor to receive this funds for me ? else
the government in power will seize the funds and plunder
it . if you are capable and i know that you will truly and
honestly help me , write me now , time is no more on my side .
i will give you 20 % of the fund and i will come to your
country to take my part . extend a friendly hand and help
me . please bear in mind that this fund is not loaned or
stolen money but rather a hard earned money generated .
please for us to conclude this transaction i will want you
to send me the following information .
( 1 ) your phone and fax numbers .
( 2 ) your postal address .
( 3 ) your age and your profession .
( 4 ) your full name
which i will use in preparing the document that will enable
you to lay claim and receive the consignment on my behalf .
please i will advise you to reach me with this private
email address : colajo 54 @ walla . com
i urgently awaits your reply .
yours sincerely .
col . anthony johnson
mail sent from geckobeachforums . com