Subject: urgent
mr . kingsley mario
lagos - nigeria .
reply to : kingsleymario @ web - mail . com . ar
attn : the managing director .
dear sir ,
i know this will come to you as a surprise but never mind , i got your
contact in my search for a reputable and trust worthy person / company , who
can stand confidently with me in this successful business arrangement .
before i proceed , i will like to introduce my humble self to you .
i am , the auditor general of a government accredited oil company here in
nigeria . certainly , the prompting of this letter to you is anchored on my
strong desire to solicit your sincere understanding and co - operation in
this transaction that would certainly boost the financial stand of both
parties involved when completed . as a matter of fact , we want to transfer
to overseas ( us $ 152 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) one hundred and fifty two million
united states dollars ) from the oil company ' s operating bank account here
in africa , i want you to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who
will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to
set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money , even an empty
account can serve to receive this money , as long as you will remain honest
to me till the end of this important transaction , trusting in you and
believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in the near
future .
in all honesty , during the course of our auditing i discovered a floating
fund of the above mentioned amount in account opened with the bank in 1990
and since then , nobody has operated on this account again , after going
through some old files in the records i discovered that the money in the
account was mapped out for the refurbishment of the oil company ' s
machineries . meanwhile , mr . magnus leon , the president of the oil company
was the only signatory to the account , but unfortunately he died after a
brief illness in 1993 . and no other person knows about this account or any
thing concerning it , and the account has no other beneficiary . and my
investigation proved to me that mr . magnus leon , until his death had wanted
to siphoned that money into his personal account in new york hence he did
not disclose the operating devises of the account to the board of trustees .
i am only contacting you in this regard , based on the fact that you are a
foreigner because , this money can only be approved to any foreigner who can
present all documents that will prove that he / she is the next of
kin / beneficiary to the account base on the fact that mr . magnus leon the
owner of this account is a foreigner , and the money can only be approved
into a foreign bank account .
therefore , if you are capable of handling this transaction with me , lets
make the necessary arrangement for the hitch - free transfer of this money to
any safe bank account that you may nominate , on a share percentage bases .
we will start the first transfer with fifty two million usd [ $ 52 , 000 . 000 ]
upon the successful actualization of the first transfer , without any
disappointment from your side ; we shall re - apply for the payment of the
remaining amount , to your account . however , we shall sign a binding
agreement , to bind us together as partners in this regard .
i am revealing this to you with believe in god that you will never let me
down in this business , you are the first and the only person that i am
contacting for this business , so please reply urgently and indicate your
sincere interest , so that i can inform you on the modalities already mapped
out for the hitch - free transfer of the money out of africa here .
i will require your direct phone and fax number for easy contacting you i
need your full co - operation to make this work adequately . upon your
positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and willing
to meet up with the instructions of the top bank official that is deeply
involved with me in this business , i shall commence actions immediately to
process the payment of the money in your favor as the beneficiary .
with my influence and the position of the bank official we can transfer
this money to any reliable foreign bank account , which you can provide .
i am looking forward in anticipation to hearing from you soon as possible .
yours truly ,
mr . kingsley mario
( alternative email : kingsleymario @ web - mail . com . ar )
please send your reply to my confidential email address only :
- -
zon gratis adsl . de voordelen van gratis internet met de snelheid van
adsl . zonder abonnementskosten en zonder vast contract . je betaalt
alleen voor de tijd online . nu zonder aansluitkosten en met gratis
modem . bestel snel op zonnet . nl .