Subject: help my family on this
dear friend ,
this is a proposal in context but actually an appeal soliciting for your unreserved assistance in consummating an urgent transaction .
by way of summarized profile of myself , i am senator luisa pimentel estrada , a 74 years old lady and the first wife of joseph ejercito estrada ( former head of state and president of philippines who is presently held in detention in a hospital outside manilla , philippines .
however , the current administration of gloria arroyo ( the president of philippines the present government have resolved to freeze all known assets of joseph ejercito estrada including properties at home and abroad and are presently embarking on to seize the various bank accounts of my husband in switzerland , uk and australia . we cannot be held responsible for the sins of my husband . in view of this plight , i expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this distressed call to save our family from a hopeless future . and if you agree to help , we shall discuss the disbursement ratio in our next correspondence after we have been acquainted . in fact , the attack on our family ( the estrada ' s is so devastated to an extent of seizing our traveling passport , family accounts , trying some members of our family in court for offences allegedly committed by my husband and even restrict us from seeing my husband .
ihave carefully moved out these funds ( us $ 18 million , before my husband was impeached to an offshore deposit company . from past experiences , many people i had regarded as close friends has capitalize on my family ' s travail to run away with my money . in order to avert this negative development , i in conjunction with my son ( daniel now seek your permission to allow my attorney do a change of ownership / reassignment of credit of stated funds from the deposit company to your name , so that the funds ( us $ 18 million would be released to you as the new owner ( on behalf of me and my family . in view of this grievous threat to our economic and personal survival , our family trustee have secretly protected the deposit , you are to assist us to lay claims of the consignment with the aid of all legal documents that will be forwarded to you as time goes on .
i am writing because when i deposited the money in the deposit company , i told them that it belonged to a foreign business partner and my present position will not allow me to claim the funds . consequently , i will present you as the owner of the funds in the deposit company so you can be able to claim them . this is simple . i will like you to provide immediately ;
1 . full names
2 . contact address
3 . telephone and fax numbers
once i receive this information , we will prepare the necessary documents that will put you in place as the new owner of the funds . the money will then be released to your custody by the deposit company , for us to share . no doubt this proposal will make you apprehensive , please we employ you to observe utmost confidentiality and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because we shall require your assistance to invest our share in your country ( buying of properties like houses , hotels etc . this is why your urgent action and response is of priority to enable us concluding this transaction in a timely and professional manner .
awaiting your swift response via this email address : luisapestrada @ velocall . com indicating your interest pls .
thanks and regards ,
luisa pimentel estrada .
