Subject: hang seng bank ltd .
mr . wang qin
hang seng bank ltd .
des voeux rd . branch ,
central hong kong ,
hong kong .
email : wng _ qn @ yahoo . com
let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . wang qin ,
credit officer of the hang seng bank ltd . i have a
concealed business suggestion for you . before the u . s
and iraqi war our client general . ibrahim moussa who
was with the iraqi forces and also a business man made
a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with
a value of twenty six million five hundred thousand
united state dollars ( us $ 26 , 500 . 000 . 00 ) only in my
branch . upon maturity several notices were sent to
him , even during the war early this year . again after
the war another notification was sent and still no
response came from him . we later find out that the
general and his family had been killed during the war
in a bomb blast that hit their home .
after further investigation it was also discovered
that gen . ibrahim moussa did not declare any next of
kin in his official papers including the paper work of
his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last
time he was at my office that no one except me knew of
his deposit in my bank . so , twenty six million , five
hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying
in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim
it . what bothers me most is that according to the to
the laws of my country , at the expiration of three
years the funds will revert to the ownership of the
hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the
funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is
that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the
next of kin to gen . ibrahim moussa so that you will be
able to receive his funds .
what is to be done :
i want you to know that i have had everything planned
out so that we shall come out successful . i have
contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary
documents that will back you up as the next of kin to
gen . ibrahim moussa , all that is required from you at
this stage is for you to provide me with your full
names and address so that the attorney can commence
his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the
attorney will also file for claims on your behalf and
secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in
your favor for the movement of the funds . there is no
risk involved at all in the matter as we are going to
adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare
all the necessary documents . please endeavor to
observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning
this issue .
once the funds have been transferred , we shall share
in the ratio of 70 % for me , 25 % for you and 5 % for any
expenses incurred during the course of this operation .
should you be interested , please contact me via email
as i am not fluent in english and i would like all
communication to be via email .
as soon as i get your response , i will provide you
with more details of this operation . your earliest
response to this letter will be appreciated .
kind regards
mr . wang qin
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com