Subject: good day . . . . . . . . . . . . .
dear friend ,
i am contacting you to front as a co - owner of my late husband ' s company and beneficiary of funds ( us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) due the company .
currently , i am a high ranking government official in the cabinet of the ruling president thabo mbeki ( south africa ) . i am a widow and mother of two children . my late husband
mr ronald tshabalala died 1996 .
after his death , i recently discovered that an over - invoiced proceeds of a contract i helped his company secure is yet to be paid out by the reserve bank of south africa .
presently the funds can also be paid out by south africa ' s offshore bank in england .
like i stated earlier on , this funds emanated as a result of an over - invoiced contract which my husband ' s company executed with the government of south africa . i am afraid
that the government of south africa might start to investigate on contracts awarded from 1995 to date . if they discover this money yet unclaimed with my husband ' s name
linked to it , the government will confiscate the money and seize his assets here in south africa and this will definitely affect my political career in government .
i want your assistance to front as a co - owner of his company ( tshabalala construction , ltd ) to facilitate the release of the funds . i will introduce a very good attorney to
assist us with the transfer process without any hitch but he will not be told my interest in the transaction as i play a very sensitive role in my government . as the contract was
executed in my present government department , be rest assured that i will use my position to approve the immediate release of the entitlement . as soon as the funds are
release in your favour , you are expected to move it immediately into your personal bank account in your country . please once you have confirmed receipt of the funds into
your account , i want you to notify me immidiately , so that i will arrange to meet with you .
the lawyer i will recommend to assist us will be representing our interest at the reserve bank of south africa and all necessary quarters . all future correspondence must be
made either to the attorney or myself .
please , i want you to note here that i am reposing huge trust on you regardless of your being a total stranger ; please , lets make brotherhood and sincerity our watchword .
upon your reply , we shall discuss your percentage for your assistance .
if you agree to my proposal , please endeavour to send me an urgent reply through my email address or this my private email address ssigo @ netscape . net
again note that due to my sensitive position as serving government official , i will only give you more details of myself when we proceed further and this is after i have
confirmed your sincerity towards this transaction . i would not want you to phone or fax me for now .
thank you .
stella sigcau
honesty and transparency , they are my best work tools .