Subject: i need a response from you .
greetings ,
i crave your indulgence as i contact you in such a surprising manner . but i
respectfully insist you read this letter carefully as i am optimistic it will
open doors for unimaginable financial reward for both of us . this business
transaction might not fall within the wide spectrum of your business
activities , but i plead your assistance , as your flair for profitable business
is needed .
permit me to introduce myself , i am mr . eric manuel a consultant . i am writing
this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this business
opportunity in my department .
a foreigner who also happens to be a client of mine who before her deasth , was
an oil merchant / contractor , until her death last year as result of a heart
attack had a closing balance of us 9 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( nine million , five hundred
thousand dollars ) . ever since her death and up till this time of writing , no
next - of - kin or relation of her ' s that i am aware of has come forward to claim
her money deposited with a financial institution . .
fervent valuable efforts have been made by the fiduciary company and myself to
get in touch with any of her immediate family member or relatives but proved to
no avail . naturally , as long as her money remains unclaimed , this financial
institution remains richer in free funds with her money . however , with my
position , i can present you to claim the fund as a relative / next of kin if you
agree with me on private basis . yes , i can present you .
the request for you as next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact
that my client was a foreigner , and i personally cannot stand as next of kin to
a foreigner , hence , i plead for your assistance with the intention of getting
this unclaimed money amounting to us 9 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( nine million , five hundred
thousand dollars only transferred into a company / private bank account that you
will present .
you stand to gain a negotiable percentage of the fund if you agree to help me
actualize this opportunity ; i will not contact any other company or person
until i am convinced that you are not interested in this proposal . contact me
immediately indicating your willingness and also give your direct and
confidential fax and phone numbers for the effective communication that this
transaction requires . i will furnish you with the procedure and also enlighten
you on how the funds will be disbursed and shared on receipt of your response .
i will also require your advice in the areas of investment as i plan to
establish a business venture in your country with my share . please forward your
response to my alternative email account : eml @ kannalles . com .
i look forward to your earliest reply . remember that a business of this nature
needs to be kept confidential .
yours sincerely ,
mr . eric manuel
= [ anti - spam and virus ] =
free email powered by
hunsa . com : : ?õçôµííÞäåÞìêäµåì ¤ ø ³ : :
shinee . com : : the ultimate mobile experience : :
