Subject: pls call me : 0027 - 73 - 6373 - 227
philip wonyane
23 b gateway avenue
gauteng johannesburg
south africa
cell : 0027 - 73 - 6373 - 227
tel / fax : 27 - 11 - 5076 - 410
invitation for partnership
dear sir
with due respect , trust and humility , i write to you this proposal , which i believe would be of great interest to you . i found your contact while i was doing a private research for a reliable and capable
foreign partner that will assist my family and i to transfer fund to his personal or private account and for investment purpose .
i am mr . philip wonyane the son of late mr . john wonyane , who was the " chairman " of the farmer ' s co - operation in zimbabwe .
my father was among the few blacks that were murdered in cold blood by thepresident robert mugabe administration during the land dispute that just happened in zimbabwe . after the death of my father , we decided to move out of zimbabwe because our lives were in danger because of the money that my father kept in his hidden safe in a vault . the amount contained in the safe is $ 13 , 000 , 000 ( thirteen million united states dollars ) .
this money was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and establishment of new farms in swaziland . after my father died we moved to south africa and deposited this money in a security company in a box as valuables belonging to our foreign partner pending when we see somebody that will assist us , for the safety of our life .
i have concluded arrangement with the board of trustee ' s of the security company to transfer the deposit to oversea country where it will be easily accessible to me . this frame of mind is to ensure the fund safety because of political instability in africa in general and for hitch free
redeeming / transferring of our money to a safe bank account .
the idea involving you in this transaction is for you to assist me receive this deposit as final receiver / beneficiary in any of the countries as they may inform and assist me in transferring this money to your overseas account for investment purposes outside african continent for my family and me .
i have also decided to give you the code / password for release will equally be handed over to whosoever coming from my stead to meet with you for easy claim of deposit by both of you without difficulty .
we are presently in south africa as refugee ( asylum seekers ) we are ready to give you 30 % of the total amount for the inconveniences this we costyou and for accepting to assist us , contact me on the above phone and fax number indicating your interest as soon as possible , on receiving of your acceptance , i shall be glad to give you more clarification on the modalities needed for smooth successful completion of this transaction .
i anticipate your quick response .
best regard .
mr . philip wonyane
( for and on behalf of my family )