Subject: cry for help .
from mrs . sarah johnson .
johannesburg .
south africa .
fax : + 1 - 347 - 402 - 0123
tel : + 27 - 73 - 286 - 2518
e - mail ; sarajohnson _ a @ hotmail . com
attn : sir ,
you might be surprise to receive this letter from me since
you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs . sarah johnson the
wife of late mr michael johnson who was murdered by the
zimbabwe war veterans and irate black people . i got your
contact e - mail address through south africa chamber of
commerce and industry . after due consideration of your
profile , hence i decided to write to you . i write to
solicit for your special assistance to my family shattered
by a tyrannical government led by a dictator and his
( zanu - pf ) ruling party . president robert mugabe .
because of land and farmland crisis in zimbabwe the
government secretly sponsored the war veterans and some
irate party members to disposed the land being occupied by
the white farmers . this action hassled to killing of some
members of opposition party including my husband who did
not support this ill - fated action .
but before the death of my husband , he anticipated some
dangers and so he smuggled out the sum of us $ 14 m ( fourtheen
million united states dollars ) to south africa and
deposited it in a security company with the intention of
using it for the purchase of farm machinery and chemicals
for agricultural purpose in south africa and establishment
of a new farm in swaziland .
this money was deposited in a box as a germ stone to avoid
much demurrage in the security company . on the 29 august
2001 the war veterans and some spotters of ( zanu - pf ) ruling
party trooped into our compound and axed my husband to
death and my second son of 22 yrs . since then they have been
terrorizing my son anthony but he managed to escape to
neighboring country south africa as a political asylum
seeker ( refugee ) .
his position in south africa dose not permits him to open
an account or to operate any business . that is why i want
this fund to be transferred in your account so that you
will assist him to invest the money in your country . i must
let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free . if
you accept to assist us , all i want from you is to arrange
and come down to johannesburg south africa so that you can
help him to open a non - resident bank account in your name
which will aid us in transferring the money into your
nominating account overseas . i have two option for you ,
firstly , you can choose to have certain percentage of the
money for nominating your account in this transaction or we
can go into partnership with you for the proper profitable
investment of the money in your country whichever the
option you want feel free to notify with him . he will then
furnish you with every detail you needed to know . we have
also mapped out 5 % of the total sum for any expenses that
might be incurred during the time of this transaction .
if you do not prefer a partnership , we are willing to give
you 25 % of the money while remaining 70 % will remain for my
family , if you are really capable and willing to assist us
please contact him immediately in south africa with this
e - mail that i used to sent this mail to you .
finally please treat this matter as urgent as possible , i ' m
in dire him to leave that country soonest . thanks for
you ' re mutual co - operation . and i expect your urgent call
to my son anthony to this phone number + 27 - 73 - 286 - 2518 so
that he will furnish you with more information . e - mail
; sarajohnson _ h @ hotmail . com
best regards ,
( mrs sarah johnson )