Subject: winning notification ! ! !
de lotto , laan van hoornwijck
2289 dg rijswijk , den haag - the netherlands .
international promotions prize / award department .
award / winning notification
we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 18 th october 2004
of your selection as one of the five winners of the promotional de lotto
held recently as part of our end of year lotto programmed . you have therefore
been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million , five
hundred thousand dollars only ) in cash credited to file ref : 74 nl / 505 / - 00885 - de
.
we in the de lotto is by this program , launching our model computer balloting
lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever
growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds
accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed
and will be transferred in record time . after randomly selecting 15 , 000
participants from an initial database of 300 , 000 emails all participants
were selected through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia ,
africa , canada , europe , usa and north america as part our international
promotions program , which was conducted in view of launching ourselves into
the sweepstakes industry worldwide and zoning all participants by their
respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list
from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize .
to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize
is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our agents
by email / fax or call within a week of receiving this notice . be advice to
keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed
and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to
avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . below are the
contact details of your claim agent
mr . hans boyer de la maas
foreign service manager ,
tel : + 31 64 558 8386 .
fax : + 31 84 739 4339 .
email : mstfinbvl @ mail 2 firm . com
also find all other relevant winning lottery information below :
ref : 74 nl / 505 / - 00885 - de .
batch no : de - 808 nl
zonal draw no : de - a 2 - 004 - 885
grand draw no : 13158
remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than a week of receiving
this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember
to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences
with your agent . furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning
lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company
security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this
program by unscrupulous individuals .
congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of
our promotions program .
yours sincerely ,
anton geesink ,
the promotions manager ,
tel / fax : + 31 - 847 - 301 - 222 .
email : antongeesink @ post . com :
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result
to disqualification . contact your claim agent as instructed above .
win 12 amazing weekend breaks , one every month for a year to dublin , milan ,
the alps , paris and beyond
win 12 amazing weekend breaks , one every month for a year to dublin , milan ,
the alps , paris and beyond
