Subject: hi
mrs . vorke idaho
plot 13 victoria garden city ,
lagos , nigeria . .
fax : 234 - 9 - 92722361
email : emeidaho 505 @ netscape . net
introduction : my name is mrs . vorke idaho . i know this
proposal will come to you as a surprise because we
have not met before either physically or through any
correspondence . i have no doubt in your ability to
handle this proposal involving huge sum of money on my
family ’ s behalf .
the subject : my husband chief joseph omoruyi idaho
( now late ) was the royal head of my community , jesse
( an oil rich town ) in nigeria . my late husband ’ s
community produces 0 . 5 % of the total crude oil
production in nigeria and 0 . 05 % of the dollar value of
each barrel is paid to my husband as royalty by the
federal government through the nigerian national
petroleum corporation nnpc .
my husband was also the chairman of ompadec now nddc ,
jesse branch . in his position as the royal head and
chairman of the ompadec , jesse branch , he made some
money , which he left , for our children and myself as
the only thing to inherit . the money is twelve million
us dollars ( $ 12 m ) .
though this said fund accumulated between the periods
1982 - 1997 . due to poor banking system in nigeria and
political instability as a result of past military
rules ( 1985 - 1999 ) , he deposited this money in the
suspense account of the nigerian national petroleum
corporation nnpc with an open beneficiary in the
central bank of nigeria cbn pending when he would
finish arrangement to transfer it abroad as a contract
payment . he was planning this when he died late last
year of heart
attack .
the proposal : just before my husband died he called my
attention to the money and charged me to look for a
foreigner who would assist me in the transfer /
investment of the funds abroad . so l would be very
grateful if you could accept to help me achieve this
great objective .
i promise to give you 20 % of the total funds
transferred to your vital bank account as compensation
for your assistance . five percent ( 5 % ) would be set
aside to take care of all expenses we may incur during
the transaction . to indicate your interest , contact me
urgently and confidentially for more information and
the roles you will play in this business . all the
legal information concerning this money will be sent
to you as soon as we agree and get this transaction
started .
send your reply through this mailbox , or see the note
below
yours faithfully ,
mrs . vorke idaho .
n . b
i will like you to provide me immediately with your
full names , telephone and fax numbers to enable my
eldest son emeke idaho to contact you . he will
handle this transaction from beginning to completion
on behalf of the entire family . alternatively you can
call him on his telephone numbers 234 - 1 - 7760637 or fax
number above . ask
him for the code and he shall respond goodluck before
discussion . just to be sure that you are speaking to
him .