Subject: please reply soon
from : prince joseph m . nkuma . email : princejosephnkumal 9 @ yahoo . co . intel : + 27 - 83 - 550 - 4536 .
my dear friend ,
with due respect trust and humility i desired with the faith i have in almighty god to contact you for your assistance in transferring the sum of us $ 11 . 5 million ( eleven million five hundred thousand united state dollars ) . which my late father deposited with my name with a security and finance company in south africa as a box consignment named precious gold that belongs to a foreign partner overseas into your account overseas . in point of introduction i am ( prince ) joseph muzenda nkuma . the only son of late prince
muzenda nkuma . i got your contact in a reliable source of our choice of your country for living in the rest of our life and investments , in south africa chamber of commerce and industry inter department . and i decided to write you for your assistance . my late father is one of the best gold producer and was among the few black zimbabwe rich farmers , because my late father did not supported our president robert mugabe ' s injustice alleged , he was among those black that are murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the whites .
before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg to deposit the sum of us $ 11 . 5 million ( eleven million five hundred thousand united state dollars ) . with a security and finance company in south africa , as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . this money was deposited as a box consignment named precious gold that belongs to a foreign partner overseas to the security company to avoid seizure and much demurrage from the security company . this money was earmarked for the purpose of new machinery and chemicals for arms and the establishment of
new farms in lesotho and swaziland . this land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act , which wholly affected rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi " adopted by the government , that result to rampant killings and mob actions by the war veteran and some political thugs . presently , more than thirty - one ( 31 ) people have been killed . heads of government from the west , especially british and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ’ s plan . subsequently the south africa government community ( s . a . d . c ) has continuously supported mugabe ’ s new land reform act .
it is against this background that i and my family who are currently staying in south africa as an asylum seeker refuges have decided to transfer this money into a foreign accounts and me being the eldest son of my father and who he deposited the consignment ( money ) in my name , i am saddled with the responsibilities of seeking your assistance to come to south africa due to the need involve a foreigner , foreign account and foreign beneficiary because my status here in south africa as a refugee / asylum seeker i do not allowed to operate in any banking system or business within south africa and with my status i cannot do anything except consulting a capable foreigner like you because the south africa foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment since my family and i are staying here as an
asylum seekers refugee and i am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount in south africa for fear of seizure and encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same history and i need a genuine foreign account where this money will be transferred without the knowledge of government who are tactically freezing our family wealth and the south africa government seem to be playing along with them .
this is why the success and smooth transfer of this money must involve a foreign partner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary whom will stand as my foreign partner as i will present you as the foreign partner ownership of the consignment also forwards to you all the necessary documents of deposited , because all the original documents which my late father used when depositing this money , all are with me . more so i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free , it ' s why my family and i , have agreed that on the conclusion of this transaction , immediately this money is out from the
security company on your arrival here in south africa to your nominated bank account there in your country . you will be taken immediately 30 % of the total amount of money for your good help and assistance , while 5 % will be out for any expenses that accorded during the process of this transaction , then 65 % will be for me and my family for our investments there in your country
finally , please call me urgently as soon as you receive my letter through my phone umber : + 27 - 83 - 550 - 4536 . to enable me give you my private email address and inform you more details and the next steep to take immediately to conclude this transaction and i thank you in your anticipate co - operation in advance and please this transaction is absolute highly confidential because i do not need to remind you of the need for absolute secret and confidentiality of this transaction for security reason for the life and future of my family and i depend on this money . i will like to stop here as i wait for your urgent response , indicates your private mobile phone and fax numbers for easier communications .
prince joseph m . nkuma .
yahoo ! india matrimony : find your life partner
online .