Subject: mrs rebecca atkins
dear sir / madam ,
i greet you in the name of god .
i am mrs rebecca atkins from south africa .
i am married to late mr smith atkins of
blessed memory who was an oil explorer in
kuwait and brunei for fifteen years before
he died in the year 2000 .
we were married for twelve years without a
child . he died after a brief illness that
lasted for only four days . before his death
we were both devoted to our god and respect
other who serve him .
since his death , i too have been battling with
both cancer and fibroid problems . when my late
husband was alive he deposited the sum of
$ 18 . 5 million ( eighteen million , five hundred
thousand u . s dollars ) with a deposit company
in europe . the money is deposited as family
valuables / treasure for security reasons .
recently , my doctor told me that i have only six
months to live due to my cancer problem , and this
lead to a stroke attack which bother me most though
because i cannot move as i use to .
having known my condition i decided to entrust this
fund to either a philanthropic organization or
devoted individual that will utilize this money
the way i am going to instructs herein . 30 % of the
us $ 18 . 5 million goes to you to ensure that you are
prepared for the task ahead , 60 % of this money will
be used in all sincerity to fund philanthropic
organization , orphanages , widows and 5 % will go to
the family attorney who will prepare the authorisation
and the balance 5 % sent to me to at least prepare for
my funeral and off - set my medical bills .
i am taking this decision because i don ' t have any
child or devoted relations whose behavior has left
much to be desired while i am ill and above all i
don ' t want a situation where this money will be
used in an ungodly manner , hence this bold decision .
since my health is retrogressing by the minute ,
you will have to send your postal address , contact
phone number and fax and a little details about
yourself , because i got your address from the internet
after a thorough search .
as soon as i receive this information from you i
will make arrangement to prepare the authorization
through the family attorney for you to get possession
of the deposit . as soon as i receive your reply to my
confidential email address .
rebecca _ atkinsl 968 @ onego . net
and the authorization is given to you by me , i will
give you the name and contact of the deposit company
where the money was deposited in europe , for claims
to the consignment .
until i hear from you , i pray that this letter bring
you and your family good tiding while my dreams to help
humanity rest squarely on your shoulders .
may the almighty god continue to guide and protect you .
remain blessed ,
mrs rebecca atkins .
note ; all replies should be forwarded to my
confidential email address :
rebecca _ atkinsl 968 @ onego . net
internet gratis en : http : / / www . free . com . pe
americatel internet free
tu conexión free más rápida
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /