Subject: attention please .
dear friend ,
greeting and compliments ,
it is with heartfelt hope that i write to seek your co - operation and assistance in the context stated below :
may i first introduce myself : i am senator luisa pimentel estrada , the first wife of joseph ejercito estrada ( former head of state and president of philippines ) who is presently held in detention in a hospital outside manilla , philippines .
i got your contact from the internet during the course of my search for a reliable foreigner who will assist me in receiving the sum of us $ 17 million secretly deposited in my favour by my husband .
this money was kept with a security company in amsterdam and i have all documents with me as of when it was deposited in a security vault for safe keeping . we have been deliberating on how to invest this fund abroad in a confidential manner until we came to a conclusion to use it to buy estates and part of it will be used for on - speculative investments in your country .
however , the current administration of gloria arroyo ( the president of philippines ) is seeking the death of my husband . in pursuit of this vendetta , the present government have resolved to freeze all known assets of joseph ejercito estrada including properties at home and abroad and are presently embarking on to seize the various bank accounts of my husband in switzerland , uk and australia . in fact , the attack on our family ( the estrada ' s ) is so devastated to an extent of seizing our travelling passport , family accounts , trying some members of our family in court for offences allegedly committed by my husband and even restrict us from seeing my husband .
my son was released from detention on the agreement to refund $ 1 . 5 million to the government of philippines allegedly stolen by my husband . you can find this on ;
http : / / latelinenews . com / ps / english / 29432 . shtm , http : / / www . time . com / time / asia / magazine / 2001 / 0129 / coverl . html .
we are not ready to comply to this as most of the family assets and bank accounts abroad have been frozen by the arroyo regime . in view of this grevious threat to our economic and personal survival , our family trustee have secretly protected the deposit , you are to assits us travelling to amsterdam to lay claims of the consignment with the aid of all legal documents that will be forwarded to you as time goes on .
in the meantime , there is a travelling embargo on the family members and our local accounts are seized as well as our telephone lines have been bugged . for this reason , telephone conversation will not be an ideal means of communication because our calls will be recorded . we are currently being catered for by the government of philippines in other to monitor and control our financial activities .
we cannot be held responsible for the sins of my husband . in view of this plight , i expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this distressed call to save our family from a hopeless future . and if you agree to help , we shall discuss the disbursement ratio in our next correspondence after we have been acquainted .
i look forward to your quick response while thanking you for your co - operation . in view of all above details , i request you to keep this letter and co - operation highly confidential even if you are not interested .
best wishes ,
senator luisa pimentel estrada .
nb
please reply to drlestrada @ yahoo . com after you have
decided wheither we can go further in this transaction .
türkiyenin tek crack ve serial arsivi - http : / / www . cracktr . net