Subject: wonderful !
you short out motion detectors .
up to 70 % savings on a m b i e n , a m b i e n and . . . other meds -
want more info - see the difference today
turn notifications off
www . consummate . mnsdhhj . com / sayonara . html
the employers were also asked to list the " most unusual " questions that have been asked by job candidates . the buck does funny things when the does are present . you sleep with your eyes open . you ' re so jittery that people use your hands to blend their margaritas . the employers were also asked to list the " most unusual " questions that have been asked by job candidates .
rather than wasting bullets , megalomaniacs prefer to kill their enemies using complex machinery . candidate announced she hadn ' t had lunch and proceeded to eat a hamburger and french fries in the interviewers office . should you wish to pass yourself off as a german officer , it is not necessary to speak the language . applicant said if he was hired he would demonstrate his loyalty by having the corporate logo tattooed on his forearm . candidate brought large dog to interview .
candidate explained that her long - term goals was to replace the interviewer . the ventilation system of any building is the perfect hiding place . i think that lincoln was greater than washington . candidate dozed off during interview . you ski uphill .
you help your dog chase its tail . during all crime investigations , it is necessary to visit a strip club at least once . people are always watching me . you forget to unwrap candy bars before eating them . you can type sixty words per minute with your feet .
instant coffee takes too long . you ' ve worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week . unless you make the mistake of showing someone a picture of your sweetheart back home . should you decide to defuse a bomb , don ' t worry about which wire to cut . you will always choose the right one . applicant refused to sit down and insisted on being interviewed standing up .
candidate dozed off during interview . no one will ever think of looking for you in there . a german accent will do . instant coffee takes too long . at times i have the strong urge to do something harmful or shocking .
all grocery shopping bags contain at least one french bread and one bunch of carrots with leafy tops . when shot at , the dove dove into the bushes . when you turn out the light to go to bed , everything in your bedroom will still be clearly visible but slightly blue . a job applicant challenged the interviewer to an arm wrestle . you help your dog chase its tail .