Subject: a plea for help
from : shadak shari
this letter may come to you as a surprise due to the
fact that we have not yet met . i have to say that i
have no intentions of causing you any pains so i
decided to contact you through this medium .
as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for
me , because , i believe everyone will die someday .
my name is shadak shari , a merchant in dubai , in the
u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with prostate and
esophageal cancer that was discovered very late
due to my laxity in caring for my health . it has
defiled all form of medicine and right now , i have
only about a few months to live according to medical
experts .
i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i
never really cared for anyone not even myself but
my business . though i am very rich , i was never
generous , i was always hostile to people and only
focus on my business as that was the only thing i
cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to
have or make all the money in the world . i believe
when god gives me a second chance to come to this
world i would live my life a different way from
how i have lived it . now that i know my time is
near , i have willed and given most of my properties
and assets to my immediate and extended family members
and as well as a few close friends and schools in
the uae . i have decided to give alms to charity
organizations , as i want this to be one of the last
good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed
money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e ,
london and ireland . now that my health has deteriorated
so badly , i cannot do this my self any more . i once
asked members of my family to close one of my accounts
and donate the money , which i have there to charity
organization in bulgaria , they refused and kept the
money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them
anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what
i have left for them . the last of my money which is
the huge cash deposit that i have with financial
firm abroad . i will want you to help me collect this
deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations
and let them know that it is i shadak shari that is
making this generous donation .
i am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital
bed where i wait for my time to come . i pray that god
uses you to support and assist me with good heart
god be with you .
shadak shari
nb : i will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this
matter until the task is accomplished as i dont want
anything that will jeopadize my last wish . and also i
will be contacting with you by email as i dont want
anybody to know cos they are always around me .
do endavour to send your phone as well as your fax
for easy communication
please reply to shadak 950 @ mail . com
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
http : / / www . deviance - stats . co . uk / main