Subject: kindest attention
kindest attention .
this proposal may be of a surprise to you , as we have not met in any way before . i feel you will serve as a reliable source to be used to achieve this aim , by trusting under your care the total sum of thirty million united states dollars ( us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) .
my name is michael hahn a national of republic of de philippines , manager at bank and the personal accountant to late robert rice a british citizen who used to be a private contractor with the sibneft oil trade ( siboil ) russia .
on the 21 st of april 2001 he was involved in an auto crash alongside his wife and their three children all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives , since then i have made several enquiries with his country ' s embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful .
after these several unsuccessful attempts i decided to contact you with this business partnership proposal , i have contacted you to assist in repatriating the funds left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable where these deposit was lodged .
the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin otherwise have the account confiscated within next week , since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over two years now .
i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to the deceased so that the money can be paid to you , this will be disbursed in these percentages 70 % to me and 25 % to you while 5 % would be earmarked for any expenses incurred during the collection of this funds from the holding firm .
all i require is your honest co - operation ; confidentiality and trust to enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law .
if you are interested in assisting do contact me with the following information your address and direct telephone numbers , your urgent response is highly anticipated and will be appreciated .
michael hahn .
mail inviata mediante il servizio webmail del sito http : / / www . calvesi . it , realizzato con php - nuke