Subject: partnership in business
compliments of the day ,
it is my humble pleasure to write this letter irrespective of the fact
that you do not know me . however , i came to know of you in my
private search for a reliable and trustworthy person that can
handle a confidential transaction of this nature . though , i know
that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one
apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be
well at the end of the day .
let me start by first , introducing myself properly to you . i am mr .
joseph william , a former manager in a prime bank in europe .
a foreigner , late barry kelly , until his death ten years ago in a
ghastly air crash , banked with us as a client of my erstwhile
bank . he had a closing balance of usd $ 10 . 5 m ( ten
million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) which the
bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by any of his
available foreign next of kin . fervent valuable efforts made by
the bank to get in touch with any of late barry kelly ' s next of kin
( he had no known wife and children ) has been unsuccessful . the
management , in the event no one comes forth for the fund shall
declare the fund as unclaimed and eventually " unclaimable "
in order to avert this negative development . myself and some of
my former trusted colleagues in the bank , now seek for your
permission to have you stand as late barry kelly ' s next of kin . so
that the fund ( usd $ 10 . 5 m ) , would be subsequently transferred
and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next of kin
through our overseas corresponding bank .
all documents and proves to enable you get this fund have been
carefully worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free
involvement . your share would be 10 % of the total amount . while
the rest would be for my colleagues and i , which we plan for
purchase of properties and other profitable ventures in your
country .
if this proposal is ok by you , then kindly get back to me
immediately via my above email or fax furnishing me with your
most confidential telephone , fax and e - mail , so i can forward to
you the relevant details of this transaction .
i look forward to your anticipated cooperation .
best regards ,
joseph william .