Subject: news alert > > gdvi announces six month revenues top $ 4 million
press release …
source : global diversified industries , inc .
global diversified industries , inc . announces
six month revenues top $ 4 million
- - six month revenues surpass total annual revenues for 2004 - -
chowchilla , ca . , november 8 , 2004 – global diversified industries , inc . ( otc . bb : gdvi ) , focused on the modular building industry with emphasis on the education market , today reported that it has generated more than $ 4 million in revenue during its first six months of the fiscal year ending october 31 , 2004 . total revenues for fiscal year 2004 totaled $ 3 . 8 million , showing global diversified ’ s ever - increasing market saturation in the california public school market .
global diversified chairman and ceo phil hamilton said : “ we are pleased with the growth that our modular subsidiaries have sustained over the past year . ” mr . hamilton added that “ the company ’ s sales force continues to build momentum into the winter season with substantial quote activity compared to this same period in 2003 . we currently have more than $ 20 million in potential new orders quoted to school districts throughout california . we expect this momentum to escalate during the third and fourth quarters , especially pertaining to ‘ custom ’ permanent - type modular construction . ”
about global diversified industries , inc .
global diversified industries , inc . is a holding company with two wholly owned subsidiaries , global modular , inc . and mbs construction , inc . both are engaged in the modular construction marketplace with an emphasis on educational projects . they incorporate the latest in construction software , allowing them to better manage projects incorporating cost vs . profit ratios , construction and manufacturing schedules , purchasing , receiving and other facets of industrial management . the company ' s work is found both in northern and southern california , with numerous projects on budget for school systems throughout the state .
* * * *
this press release contains information that constitutes forward - looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . any such forward - looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results described within the forward - looking statements . risk factors that could contribute to such differences include those matters more fully disclosed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . the forward - looking information provided herein represents the company ' s estimates as of the date of the press release , and subsequent events and developments may cause the company ' s estimates to change . the company specifically disclaims any obligation
to update the forward - looking information in the future . therefore , this forward - looking information should not be relied upon as representing the company ' s estimates of its future financial performance as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release .
contact :
for investor information contact :
paul knopick
949 - 707 - 5365
pknopick @ . com
visitarchives
|
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubs
cribe
