Subject: partner with me
urgent attention
atmachambers & associates
solicitors herein after referred to as my client .
on the 21 st of october 2000 , my client , his wife valerie and their two children ( larry and daren ) died in an auto crash on one of nigerian roads . since then i have made several enquiries to the embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives without success . after several nsuccessful attempts , i decided to look for somebody abroad who is reliable and trustworthy i will forward as next of kin to receive his fund , hence i contacted you . i am contacting you to assist in claiming the money left behind by my client before the bank confiscates or declare the fund unserviceable . until his death , my client had , and maintained a us dollar currency deposit account with a closing balance of us $ 15 . 5 m ( fifteen million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) with the nigeria deposit insurance company who have written us to recover all such dormant and unclaimed accounts to reinvest it with other funds through the capital market , but we have cleverly written and asked them to release the f
und based on the instruction of the next of kin .
it is for the urgency of this claim that i write to you to stand and receive the money as mr . allen ' s next of kin since i have failed in attempts in locating the relatives for over 2 years now . i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since i have perfectly procure all the vital documents that would aid the release of the money and forward it either to europe or america whereby you will receive the money . i am prepared to disburse the money among ourselves in the following ratio : beneficiary / next of kin 30 % , 10 % for bank and legal expenses , while my colleague and myself in the chambers shall have 60 % .
if this proposal is acceptable to you and you do not intend to take undue advantage of the trust we shall bestow on you , then kindly respond immediately , furnishing me with your confidential telephone and fax numbers . i have all necessary legal documents for the release of the fund . on indicating your willingness , i shall contact you for us to work out the modalities for you to receive the funds . all i require is your honesty and co - operation . i guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangements that will protect you from any breach of the law .
yours faithfully ,
mr . frank miller
( san )
e - mail enviado por flores de raff webmail
- http : / / www . raff . com . ar