Subject: next of kin [ business ]
goodday ,
i am frenkel heydorn , staff of smith came to our bank to engage in business discussions with our private banking division . he informed us that he had a
financial portfolio of thirty million united states dollars , which he wished to have us turn over ( invest ) on his behalf . i was the officer assigned to his case , i made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the
de - facto chief operations officer of the private banking sector , especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank . we met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed . i encouraged him to consider various growth funds with prime ratings .
the favored route in my advise to customers is to start by assessing
data on 6000 traditional stocks and bond managers and 2000 managers of alternative investments . based on my advice , we spun the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of operation , the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over ten million united states dollars , this margin was not the
full potential of the fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments . in mid 2001 , he asked that the money be liquidated
because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in here in the united kingdom . he directed that i liquidate the funds and deposit it with a security firm . i informed him that smith & williamson would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due process , the bank would have to make a 9 . 5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory charges . he complained about the charges but later came around when i explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us . cash movement across boarders has become especially
strict since the incidents of 9 / 11 . i contacted my affiliate and made the funds available to the security firm . i undertook all the processes and made sure i followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited with the security firm . the security firm is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash . this small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly placed and
well - connected organizations . in line with instructions , the money was deposited with the security firm . the deceased told me he wanted the
money there in anticipation of his arrival from norway later that week . this was the last communication we had , this transpired around 25 th february 2003 . in june last year , we got a call from the security firm
informing us that the inactivity of that particular portfolio .
this was an astounding position as far as i was concerned , given the fact that i managed the private banking sector i was the only one who knew about the deposit at the security firm , and i could not understand why the deceased had not come forward to claim his deposit . i made futile efforts to locate the deceased . i immediately passed the task of locating him to the internal investigations department of smith
depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i said , rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care , in this case ; the deceased died without a testate . in line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed away , we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who should have right to claim the estate . this investigation has for the past months been unfruitful . we have scanned every continent and used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root
of the problem . it is this investigation that resulted in my being furnished with your details as a possible relative of the deceased . my official capacity dictates that i am the only party to supervise the
investigation and the only party to receive the results of the investigation . what this means , you being the last batch of names we have considered , is that our dear late fellow died with no known or identifiable family member . this leaves me as the only person with the full picture of what the prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit and the late beneficiary of the deposit .
according to practice , the security firm will by the end of this
financial year broadcast a request for statements of claim to smith & williamson , failing to receive viable claims they will most probably revert the deposit back to smith & williamson . this will result in the money entering the smith & williamson accounting system and the portfolio will be out of my hands and out of the private banking division . this will not happen if i have my way . what i wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios . you should have begun by now to put
together the general direction of what i propose . there is thirty million
dollars deposited in a security firm , i alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless i instruct them to do so . i alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as smith they have investigated for months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end . my proposal ; you share the same surname with our late client ; i am prepared to place you in a position to instruct the security firm to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation . upon receipt of the deposit , i am prepared to share the money with you in half . that is : i will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you . we share the proceeds 50 / 50 . i would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me , but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the deposit . but on the other hand , you with the same very name as the original depositor would easily pass as the beneficiary with right to claim . i assure you that i could have the deposit released to you within a few days . i will simply inform the bank
of the final closing of the file relating to the deceased i will then officially communicate with the security firm and instruct them to release the deposit to you . with these two things : all is done . the alternative would be for us to have the security firm direct the funds to another bank with you as account holder . this way there will be no need
for you to think of receiving the money from the security company . we can fine - tune this based on our interactions . i am aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail . i ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive . if my offer is of no appeal to you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you . do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal . you may not know
this but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable
situations run the whole private banking sector . i am not a criminal and
what i do , i do not find against good conscience , this may be hard for you to understand , but the dynamics of my industry dictates that i make this move . such opportunities only come ones ' way once in a
lifetime . i cannot let this chance pass me by , for once i find myself in
total control of my destiny . these chances wont pass me by . i ask that you do not destroy my chance , if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy me . i am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them with new opportunities . there is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking . i have evaluated the risks and the only risk i have
here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank . i am
the only one who knows of this situation , good fortune has blessed you
with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life .
lets share the blessing . if you find yourself able to work with me , contact me through this email account if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process towards a conclusion . i wish to inform you that should you contact me via official channels ; i will deny knowing
you and about this project . i repeat , i do not want you contacting me
through my official phone lines nor do i want you contacting me through my official email account . contact me only through the numbers i will provide for you and also through this email address . i do not want any direct link between you and me . my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer
care in line with our total quality management policy . please observe this instruction religiously . please , again , note i am a family man , i have a wife and children . i send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences , but i know within me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold . this is the one truth i have learned from my private banking clients . do not betray my confidence .
i await your response .
frenkel heydorn .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site fanghaowen . com
- http : / / fanghaowen . com