Subject: hello
dear friend ,
first i will like you to take your time to go over this mail carefully
and with patience . please , this is a matter of urgency , this is because
i need your help and i need it very quickly too .
at this stage i will like to introduce my self . i am mr . femi coker , i
am 52 years old . in the past 2 years , i have employed very diligent
bureaucratic means to divorce u . s . $ 34 , 139 , 000 ( thirty forty million , one hundred and thirty nine thousand u . s . dollars ) from the external affairs operation of the federal government of nigeria - in angola and the central african republic .
my strategic position in the government of my country and my
relationship with corresponding key officials in the governments of angola and the central africa republic has offered me the required intergovernmental transfer connections as well as the know - how that will ensure the success of an operation of this scale .
for our safety , i have structured the transfer of the u . s $ 34 , 139 , 000 to
conform the highest standard of international banking regulations and
financial laws , especially those satisfying the u . s $ 34 , 139 , 000
as terrorist - free funds . conversely , i require strictly , a foreign company duly registered and verifiable as having conformed to the basic operating and equity standards in its area of domicile , to receive the u . s $ 34 , 139 , 000 . your role , in the above regard , will be to act as the beneficiary of the funds in question , as my official portfolio precludes me from legal association with this money .
you must however , note that this transfer will be guided by certain express provisions designed to ensure that your receipts of the above stated sum does not place me at a disadvantage or undermine my ability to receive my portion of the u . s $ 34 , 139 , 000 .
firstly , the remittance of the money into your nominated account will
be subject to a funds remittance clause known as condition precedent .
that is , crediting of your nominated account with the above stated
funds will be conditional and subject to a post dated credit confirmation date .
the postdating will allow my nominee and adequate time to arrive in
your country to set up the proper fund receipt mechanism for our share of the u . s $ 34 , 139 , 000 .
ps : - i will divulge my identity and other pertinent details of this
transfer to you in due course . firstly , i am constrained by time in the execution of the above stated transfer , therefore your immediate response in concession to the nature , requirement and conditions for the successful condition of this transfer , will be highly appreciated at which time too , i will be more than delighted to illuminate whatever areas seem unclear to you in the entire process .
i sincerely await your urgent response ,
warmest regards ,
mr . femi coker
webmail je besplatan service sa
- http : / / www . bol - chat . de