Subject: fw : newest pick from same guy who got us all 250 % increase last time : ) xsrsv
grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time .
hey baister @ hotmail . com
i ' m forwarding you an email from my source that has picked the best stocks that are going to skyrocket in the next couple of months . take a look and tell me what you think . it ' s the same guy who has made over 5 times his money in just 2 months , and made some underground investing group over 250 % increase in less than one month . this is his latest pick . he swears by this one . you know how many companies are making huge money due homeland security spending . the government is spending billions to improve homeland security . not only could this company benefit from a government contract but also from the natural disasters like the recent hurricanes in florida . i heard that major insurance companies are already investigating possible solutions to broken glass . this could be huge !
read below all about this company , absolute glass protection , inc . ( stock symbol otc : aslg )
look up the stock symbol and see how undervalued it is right now .
this might be a winner .
grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
from : plan [ mailto : ]
sent : friday , november 12 , 2004 6 : 31 pm
to : @ investerclub 99 . com
subject : newest pick from same guy who got us all 250 % increase last time : )
homeland security sector and product update ?
you need to read this ? ? and you ? ll understand why
don ? t miss this timely investment opportunity
massive promotional campaign starts today
terrorism and violent weather conditions continue to increase worldwide . the vulnerability of glass windows in terrorist attacks , violent weather , earthquakes and crime has become a significant governmental , commercial , and residential concern .
as this concern continues to escalate , numerous niche markets in safety and security glass are wide - open for rapid growth and remain virtually untapped . safety and security related companies are now expanding at rates never before seen .
absolute glass protection , inc . ( stock symbol otc : aslg ) offers one of the most technologically advanced and cost effective products on the market today . these products have been proven to reduce the impact of bullets and bomb blasts , as well as providing a high level of containment of fragmented glass shards during natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes .
aslg is ideally positioned to benefit in this rapidly expanding market and offers to investors a unique opportunity to see significant upside potential . aslg ? s stock price is currently pulling away from its 52 - week low and should be aggressively accumulated in order to capitalize on this tremendous growth opportunity . it is anticipated that aslg could reach and exceed its 52 - week highs due to heightened awareness levels of home land security , crime and violent weather conditions .
investment opportunity alert
absolute glass protection , inc . ( otc bb : aslg )
current price : $ 0 . 15
short term target : 1 . 02
12 month target : $ 2 . 50
shares outstanding : 18 . 9 million
market capitalization : $ 2 . 85 million
recommendation : very strong buy
momentum traders * * * * * aslg up 65 % on substantial trading volume
this stock has been moving , active traders take note , aslg up 65 % in 2
trading sessions ! ! !
11 / 10 / 04 up 0 . 04 + 40 . 00 %
11 / 11 / 04 up 0 . 025 + 65 . 00 %
a few reasons to consider owning aslg
the recent violent weather in the southeast united states has initiated several changes in building codes and insurance liability coverage in hurricane prone regions such as florida . new buildings will require builders to install windows with greater protective capabilities and existing buildings will be forced to upgrade their existing glass to remain code compliant . aslg ? s dry laminated safety and security films solve these issues cost effectively and with proven results .
alsg applies a micro - thin safety and security laminated film in single or multiple layers to ensure the maximum degree of glass protection . the absolute glass 4 - mil , one ply product provides basic protection from ? smash and grab ? crimes , and violent weather . for increased security , the companies ? 14 - mil product provides a stronger barrier to bullets and bomb - blast protection . in testing , the company ? s products have demonstrated resistance to 9 mm and . 38 caliber bullets ! these laminated films come in a variety of thicknesses , and assorted clear , colored and tinted options to meet virtually any application demand . aslg ? s security film laminates are also uv inhibitors offering a high level of uv protection , compared to competitive products , which are prone to deterioration from the sun ? s rays .
aslg also has a unique automated dry lamination process utilizing specialized equipment designed to apply safety and or security laminates automatically to the glass surfaces of regular plate glass . this is a completely dry lamination process , which forces the laminated film adhesives directly into the glass surface at extremely high pressures . this process creates a secure and durable bond unmatched in the industry . this automated process ensure a permanent , durable , penetration resistant product .
aslg is also entering the automotive aftermarket and residential housing markets with the recent sales of dealerships in the southern california area to supply its products to both the home builders market and the automotive consumer directly .
aslg is aggressively pursuing lucrative international market opportunities as well for its security glass laminates . historically , international markets in europe , the middle east and latin america have been very receptive to the necessity of increased security . this interest has continued to increase in the new geopolitical realities of the post 9 - 11 environment . while domestically , homeland security initiatives leaves aslg well suited for tremendous revenue and growth for many years to come .
final word
as homeland security becomes more of a priority in our lives and future , we feel this company has a product line and future with unlimited growth potential . the company ? s website features video clips demonstrating the features of its product line and detailed information for uses of the aslg ? s products in the glass safety and security arena . the company ? s website now features information on their new automated lamination equipment division . we believe that aslg is ideally positioned for rapid growth and increased share value as the company continues to expand rapidly into untapped markets worldwide and begins to see strong sales of its industry leading security laminates .
please note : there ? s not a lot of common stock available to investors , so the sooner you can buy the better , as the stock price will rise rapidly once the available shares are purchased and the demand increases as investor awareness of this company expands through a variety of public relation campaigns .
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . ? please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter is not affiliated with absolute glass protection . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks .
grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time .
grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time .
grow angry slowly , there ' s plenty of time .