Subject: wild western clothing
home
> investor relations
ticker
symbol : blym
shareholder
information
market makers
transfer agent
symbol : blym ( as
in “ baseball ' s lucky yankee manager )
traded : otc “ pink sheets ”
press release
source : billy martin ' s usa , inc .
- - expanding east and west via cyberads , inc .
thursday november 18 , 5 : 00 am et
los angeles ,
nov . 18 , 2004 ( primezone ) - - billy martin ' s usa , inc . ( other otc : blym . pk
- news ) announced today that they have executed an agreement to support
the online and direct response marketing of its internationally known
western - lifestyle apparel and accessories brand , whose products heretofore
have been sold via the company ' s upscale boutiques in new york city and
hollywood on the sunset strip .
per the agreement , cyberads , inc . ( otc bb : cyad . ob - news ) will be working
closely with blym and its new product design team to produce a direct
internet sales and direct response marketing program targeted to consumers
- - both in the u . s . and abroad - - who are looking for authentic usa - made
goods with a distinctive american or " western ' ' flavor and character .
doug newton ,
ceo of blym noted , " this agreement gives us the opportunity to expand
on the internet and tap into the market of foreign consumers like never
before . potentially , there is a huge , untapped , sleeping giant of a market
outside the u . s . for well - made american branded goods , especially in japan ,
china and russia where young , active consumers with disposable incomes
are increasingly embracing e - commerce . ' '
" with cyberads '
expertise in internet and direct marketing , we can expose our products
across oceans and borders alike , in a highly cost - efficient manner . ' '
" the billy
martin ' s brand is about as american as you can get , and when you combine
that with well - made , great fitting , and well - priced goods - - like a classic
denim shirt with pearl snap buttons - - the consumer is given a product
of value , prestige and character , ' ' newton concluded .
statements
about blym ' s future expectations , including revenues and earnings , and
all other statements in this release are " forward - looking statements . ' '
since these statements involve risks and uncertainties and are subject
to change at any time , the company ' s actual results may differ materially
from the company ' s plans if its assumptions prove to be incorrect , or ,
for a variety of other reasons . billy martin ' s usa , inc . became public
in october 2001 , via reverse merger with hitech resource corp . which changed
its corporate name to billy martin ' s usa , inc . after completing the acquisition
of billy martin ' s western wear , la , inc . shares of its stock trade under
the symbol " blym . ' ' the company is currently not an sec reporting
company .
contact :
billy martin ' s usa , inc .
doug newton , ceo
( 310 ) 289 - 5000
doug @ billymartin . com
http : / / www . billymartin . com
to
remove " reply here "
and type remove in subject line .
