Subject: email your response
mr . wang qin
hang seng bank ltd .
des voeux rd . branch ,
central hong kong ,
honk kong .
email : hangsengbank @ tiscali . cz
i am mr . wang qin credit officer of the hang seng
bank ltd . i have a concealed
business suggestion for you .
before the u . s and iraqi war , our client general .
ibrahim moussa who was
with the iraqi forces and also business man made
a numbered fixed deposit
for 18 calendar months , with a value of twenty
millions five hundred thousand
united state dollars only in my branch .
upon maturity several notice was sent to him ,
even during the war early
this year . again after the war another
notification was sent and still no
response came from him . we later find out that
the general and his family
had been killed during the war in bomb blast that
hit their home .
after further investigation it was also
discovered that gen . ibrahim moussa
did not declare any next of kin in his official
papers including the paper
work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in
me the last time he was
at my office that no one except me knew of his
deposit in my bank .
so , twenty millions five hundred thousand united
state dollars is still
lying in my bank and no one will ever come
forward to claim it . what bothers
me most is that according to the to the laws of
my country at the expiration
three years the funds will revert to the
ownership of the hong kong government
if nobody applies to claim the funds . against
this backdrop , my suggestion
to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to
stand as the next of kin
to gen . ibrahim moussa so that you will be able
to receive his funds .
what is to be done :
i want you to know that i have had everything
planned out so that we shall
come out successful . i have contacted an attorney
that will prepare the
necessary document that will back you up as the
next of kin to gen . ibrahim
moussa , all that is required from you at this
stage is for you to provide
me with your full names and address so that the
attorney can commence his
job . after you have been made the next of kin , the
attorney will also fill
in for claims on your behalf and secure the
necessary approval and letter
of probate in your favor for the move of the
funds to an account that will
be provided by you .
there is no risk involved at all in the matter as
we are going adopt a legalized
method and the attorney will prepare all the
necessary documents . please
endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all
matters concerning this issue . once
the funds have been transferred to your nominated
bank account we shall
share in the ratio of 70 % for me , 25 % for you and
5 % for any expenses incurred
during the course of this operation .
should you be interested please send me your
private phone and fax numbers
for easy communication , you can write me via my
private box ( wangqin 3 @ echina . com )
and i will provide you with more details of this
operation .
your earliest response to this letter will be
appreciated .
kind regards
wang qin
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
pos?lejte sms p?es internet zdarma a bez reklamy . pouze s tiscali .
v?ce na http : / / www . tiscali . cz