Subject: i await your urgent response
very urgent investment transaction .
attention :
dear partner ,
in order to transfer out { twenty six million
u . s . dollars ) from our bank . i have the courage to look
for a reliable and honest person who will be capable
for this important transaction . believing that you
will never let me down either now or in future .
i am mr michael ewald . the
manager of united bank for africa nigerian plc u . b . a ) .
there is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and
since 1990 nobody has operated on this account again .
after going through some old files in the records ,
i discovered that if i do not remitt this money out
urgentely , it will be forfeited for nothing .
the owner of this account is mr jack hamilton a
foreigner and the manager of petrol chemical service ,
a chemical engineer by proffession and he died since
1990 . no other person knows about this account or
anything concerning it , the account has no other
beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well
that his company does not know anything about this
account and the amount invloved is ( u . s . $
26 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) .
i want to transfer this money into a safe foreign
account abroad but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am
only contacting you as a foreigner because this money
can not be approved to any local bank here but can
only be approved to any foreign account because the
money is u . s dollars and the fomer owner of the
account is mr jack hamilton and he was a foreigner
too .
i know that this message will come to you as a
surprise as we don ' t know our self before , but be sure
that it is real and a genuine business .
i believe in god that you will never let me down in
this investment , you are the only person that i have
contacted for this investment for now . so please reply
urgently .
when the transfer is approved and payment schedule is
allocated overseas , through the offshore paying
delegate for final clearance and signing of the
payment realease form by the beneficiary , i want us to
see at the oversea paying clearance office face to
face or signing of the original bindding agreement to
bind us together so that we can receive this money
into a foreign account or any account of your choice
where the fund will be remitted .
i am contacting you because of the need to involve a
foreigner with a foreign account as the real
beneficiary . i need your co - operation to make this
work fine , because the management is ready to approve
this payment to any foreigner who has the correct
information to this account . which i will give to you
when sure of your capability to handle such amount in
strict confidence and trust , according to my
instructions and my advice for our mutual benefit
because i don ' t want to make any mistake , i need your
strong assurance and trust . i shall destroyed all
document concerning this transactions immediately we
received this money leaving no trace to any place .
i will use my position and influence on other staffs
to effect the legal approvals and onward transfer of
this money to your account with appropriate clearance
from foreign payment department . with assurance that
this money will be intact pending my physical arrival
to your country for the sharing and other investment .
at the conclusion of this investment , you will be
given 25 % of the totalamount , 70 % will be for me ,
while 5 % will be for expenses , both parties might
have
incured during the process of this transaction .
i look forward to your earliest reply through the e -
mail as at above or through my private e - mail or you call me 234 80 35411697 .
address : mikeewald 2002 @ myway . com
yours truly ,
mr michael ewald