Subject: collaboration
25 / 11 / 04
dear friend ,
i suspect that you might be surprised to get this send from me as you
originally do not know me .
i am mr . ben williams , the only son of late
mr . ndiovu williams , who was slain in a land dispute in zimbabwe .
i got a hold of your profile from your country ? s web site and i thought
that it may be worthwhile to contact and work with you . a few months
before the death of my father , he had gone to holland to deposit the sum
of us $ 4 , 000 , 000 ( four million us dollar ) , in a private security and
finance company , as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe .
this sum was meant for the purchase of chemicals and tractors for the
development of our new farm in swaziland . however this problem came
about when the
zimbabwean president mr . robert mugabe introduced a new land reform
act , which utterly affected the rich white farmers and some black
farmers . this resulted into killing and mob action by zimbabwean war
veterans and some lunatics in the society . several innocent people have
lost their lives as a result of the land reform act , in which my father
is unfortunately one of them .
you could look up this information on cnn news daily for up date on the
situation of the country . if however you are in doubt , you may also look
up information pertaining to this fiasco from the internet on the
following web site :
www . dailynews . co . zw ,
in view of the above conditions my family and me whom are presently in
zimbabwe decided to transfer our fathers money to a foreign account
since the zimbabwean law prohibits refugees ( asylum seekers ) to operate
any type of bank account or being involved in any enormous financial
business deal . as the eldest issue of my father , i am in quest of for a
genuine overseas collaborator who can help us transfer this money in to
his or her oversea account . on the other hand , the zimbabwe government
appears to be playing along with them .
we are therefore faced with the dilemma of investing this money in
zimbabwe for the fear of going through the same experience in future , as
a businessperson whom i will entrust my future and that of my entire
family in
his hands , i must let you know that this business is completely 100 %
harmless as we cannot accept to venture into any dangerous deal with our
fortune .
therefore if this request falls within your capacity , i would appreciate
that you contact me urgently . i would also be available to attend to any
question or concern that you may have per this matter .
as gratitude for your assistance , we have proposed two options for you .
1 ) we ( you and me ) could go into partnership for a proper and profitable
investment of the money in your country or stable economy .
2 ) i would be willing to give a flexible and negotiable percentage of
15 % of the total sum to you
i assume that you would appreciate the sensitive nature of this matter
and the necessity for confidentiality of the same .
you may reply to this send through my private mail box :
benwilliams @ walla . com
god bless you and your family .
yours truly ,
ben williams
( for the family )