Subject: save my soul
from : abacha ` s family
lagos ,
nigeria .
attn : sir
i am abba abacha , the son of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigerian military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest . since after my father ' s death , my family is under restriction
of movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested , policed and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian civilian
government .
furthermore , my mother is in detention by the nigerian
government for more interrogation about my fathers assets and some vital document . following the recent discovery of my father ' s bank account by the
nigerian government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dutch 450 million was lodged .
however , there is us $ 10 million which my father wisely defaced and is sealed in one metal box for security reason . was deposited in a finance and security company which has not been discovered by the nigerian governnent .
i am therefore appealing to you for your
urgent assistant to move this money into your bank account where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restriction of
movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigerian government .
however , you can contact for effective completion of this transaction . you can visit the websites below to confirm the authentication of my letter :
conclusively , we have agreed to set aside 10 % of the total sum for settlement of expenses incured both local and international , 30 % to you the
foreigner , while 60 % to be held on trust by you until we can decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent to our free
movement by the nigerian government . if this offer is acceptable to you , then you should immediately upon the receipt of this mail forward your private phone
and fax number to me to enable us discuss further on the transaction and the modalities of its execution .
bye for now and stay blessed .
best regards
pls contact me on my private email address abba _ aba @ centrum . cz
abba abacha