Subject: reliable needed
dear friend ,
firstly , not to cause you embarrassment , i am barrister dan richard , a solicitor at law and the personal attorney to late mr . mark michelle a national of france , who used to be a private contractor with the shell petroleum development company in saudi arabia , herein after shall be referred to as my client . on the 21 st of april 2001 , he and his wife with their three children were involved in an auto crash , all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives .
since then , i have made several enquiries with his country embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you with this business partnership roposal . i have contacted you
to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the finance / security company where these huge deposit was lodged .
the deceased had a deposit valued presently at $ 21 million us dollars and the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 21 million us dollars can be paid to you . this will be disbursed or shared in these percentages , 60 % to me and 40 % to you .
i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to enable us see this transaction through .
i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me urgently by e - mail : { barristerrichard @ whipmail . com } as i am
presently in spain and provide me the following
1 . full name
2 . your telephone number and fax number
3 . your contact address .
your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated .
best regards ,
barrister dan richard