Subject: from mrs caroline solange
i am mrs caroline solange haafkens from spain . i am married
to dr . franklyn haafkens who worked with chevrontexaco in
nigeria for twenty years before he died in the year 2000 . we
were married for twenty - seven years without a child . he
died during one of the riot
in the niger delta region of nigeria . he was held hostage
and slain to death by protesting youths of the region .
before his death we were both born again christians . since
his death i
decided not to re - marry . when my late husband was alive he
deposited the sum of ( eight million six hundred thousand
u . s . dollars ) with a bank in the spain .
presently , this money is still with the bank and the
management just wrote me as the beneficiary to come forward
to receive the money or rather issue a letter of
authorisation to somebody to receive it on
mybehalf if i can not come over .
presently , i ' m with my laptop in a hospital where i have
bee undergoing treatment or cancer of the lungs . i have
since lost my ability to talk and my doctors have told me
that i have only a few months to live .
it is my last wish to see that this money is invested the
proceed at the end of every year distributed among charity
organisation .
i want a person that is god fearing that will use this
money to fund
churches , orphanages and widows propagating the word of god
and to
ensure that the house of god is maintained . the bible made
us to
understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i took this
decision because i know that there are alot of poor people
suffering from different kind of disease and nobody to come
to their aid .
with god all things are possible . as soon as i receive your
reply i shall give you the contact of the bank . i will also
issue you a letter of authority
that will prove you as the new beneficiary of this fund . you
are to help me invest this funds into real estate and
stocks . you will be entitled to 10 % of every profit you make
in a year .
please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated
herein .
hoping to hearing from you soon .
waiting for your reply
yours in christ ,
mrs caroline solange haafkens