Subject: your indulgence
dear friend ,
i would want to use this medium after going through your profile to seek
for assistance in a business transaction which is of mutual benefit . a foreigner
late mr . gavin norris who is from united state , an oil merchant / contractor
with the federal government of nigeria , until his death in a ship mishap
was banking in a bank where i am the chief accountant . his closing balance
until his death was us $ 8 . 3 million , which the bank now expects any of his
available next of kin to claim .
to this regards , i have been directed by the board of trustees of the bank
to notify the diseased next of kin , which i have done and found out that
he has no next of kin , which means that this funds will be lost to the government ,
which we all know will be stolen . in order to avert this development , myself
and some of my trusted colleagues in the bank now seek your indulgence to
have you stand as late mr . gavin norris ? s next of kin so that the fund will
be subsequently transferred and paid into your foreign account .
on indicating your interest , all documents and proofs to enable you get
this funds will be carefully worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk
free transaction . you will be allowed to retain 30 % of the total amount
after the transaction while 10 % shall be used for reimbursement of any expenses
incurred in the course of this transaction . the remaining 60 % for us awaiting
our instruction of disbursement . if this proposal is okay by you , and you
wish to take advantage of the trust bestowed on you , please kindly contact
me through this e - mail address to enable me furnish you with relevant details
to this transaction .
but if my request has offended your sensibility , please accept my apologies .
best regards ,
mr . anthony onome
tiscali adsl 2 mega free : l ' adsl piu ' veloce e ' gratis !
naviga libero dai costi fissi con tiscali adsl 2 mega free , l ' adsl free
piu ' veloce in italia . in piu ' , se ti abboni entro il 13 dicembre 2004 ,
navighi gratis fino al 31 marzo 2005 e non paghi il costo di adesione .
http : / / abbonati . tiscali . it / adsl /