Subject: season greetings
from the desk of .
mr victor osadolor
executive director standard
trust bank of nigeria plc pc 146695
web site @ www . standardtrust . com
attn : president / c . e . o
compliment of the season . i got to know of you in search for a reputable
and reliable person to assist me in an urgent need requiring utmost trust
and confidentiality .
goodday i am mr victor osadolor , the executive director in the standard trust bank of nigeria plc i am writing this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this business
opportunity in my department .
we discovered an abandoned sum of ( $ 14 . 6 million ) fourteen - million six hundred thousand dollars only in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer late mr . robert ebner , who died along with his entire family of a wife and three children in october 31 , 1999 in a plane crash .
since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and put claims for his money as the heir , because we can not release the fund from his account unless someone applies for the claims as the next of kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither their family member nor distant relatives has ever appeared to claim the fund . upon this discovery ,
i and other officials in my department have agreed to make a deal with you and release the fund into your account as the next of kin of the decease , since no one came for it or discovered the maintained account with our bank otherwise the fund will be returned to the bankâ € ˜ s treasury as unclaimed fund .
please visit http : / / www . greatdreams . com / passeair 990 . htm
for your confirmation of the death of the money will be paid into
your account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and my
colleages , and 25 % for you , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties
might have incurred during the process of the transferring .
after the successful completion of this transaction , one of my
colleaguesand i will come to your country and mind our percentage . it is
from our share we intend to import medical equipments into my country
as a way of recycling the fund .
to commence this transaction , we require you to immediately indicate
your interest if this proposal is ok . by you or you do not wish to take
advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you ,
notification : this transaction is 100 % risk free , for
your information and assurance to avoid beign scared about the transactions .
i await your immediate response .
best regards .
mr victor osadolor
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / sharpsplating . com