Subject: read with trust - business proposal
from : prince saeeb usman ,
london , u . k
greetings to you .
i am prince saeeb usman and though i reside in the
u . k , i am actually a citizen of u . a . e . i am the heir
apparent to a family business with its " roots "
in dubai , u . a . e . i came to know of your name and
address in my search for a reliable and low - key person
to handle a very confidential transaction based on
unflinching trust as we have not met before . this
transaction involves the transfer of huge sum of
foreign exchange ( the united states dollars )
to a foreign account .
the importance of my position in my family mandated
that i was sent to study for a degree in the u . k . at
the conclusion of my degree program , my family
decided to open the first european branch of the
company in the u . k and i was put in - charge to run it .
this was of course a good beginning for me .
at present , we are at the end of another trading year
and our auditors have once again brought it to our
attention , the tax rates applicable to
our company due to the fact that we the owners are not
british is gradually " killing " our business . unlike the
last time i was alerted , i have this time , taken a
critical overview of the records from " day one " and
the auditors seem very correct .
this situation when related to my father has really
been disturbing . after much " brain storming " , my
father has decided to close the uk branch . he has
directed that we salvage what is left of our
investment and concentrate our efforts on dubai in the
united arab emirates .
now , you must wonder why i have contacted you ! i am
contacting you now because there is an arrangement
that i have personally mapped out to ensure that
what ever cash remaining in the company account be
transferred to who ever is willing to assist me in
this regards . this sum ( $ 18 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) has now been
approved for payment and is now ready to be transferred
by my bankers to the account of any individual and or
company , which my company presents as the beneficiary .
consequently , i am willing to cause our bankers to
transfer the total amount to your account for
subsequent disbursement on our behalf , since we as
foreigners are prohibited by the british tax laws and
code of conduct bureau ( civil service laws ) from
actually maximizing our profit returns . needless to
say , the trust reposed on you at this juncture is
enormous . in return , we have agreed to offer you 20 %
of the transferred sum , while 10 % shall be set aside
for incidental expenses ( internal and external ) accrued
between the parties in the course of the
transaction . you must however note that this
transaction is subject to the following terms and
conditions .
a ) our conviction of your transparent honesty and
diligence
b ) that you would treat this transaction with utmost
secrecy and confidentiality
c ) that you have an unflinching trust in us , and our
ability to complete all official processes with your
co - operation .
( d ) that the funds would be transferred to an ordinary
account which you have total control over .
all you will be required to do is to draft an
agreement from your end that you will be supplying
medical and agricultural equipment to the tune of
$ 18 , 500 , 000 ( eighteen million , five hundred thousand
united states dollars ) in my company ' s favor . once this
agreement is set up , i will need to see the contents
and have a copy submitted to my bankers here so they
can immediately begin the transfer processes of the
stipulated amount in favor of goods to be
supplied ( supposedly ) by you .
modalities have been worked out ( secretly ) at the
highest levels of the relevant government departments
involved and our bankers for the immediate transfer of
funds within 7 - 10 working days subject to your
satisfaction of the above stated terms . our assurance
is that your role is risk - free . to accord this
transaction the legality it deserves and for mutual
security of the fund , the whole approval procedures
will be officially and legally processed with your
name or the name of any company you may nominate as
the bona fide beneficiary , as in an ideal situation .
it is imperative that you bear in mind that having
spent about 19 years in the united kingdom , i am
averse to having my image and career dented . and bear
in
mind that your confidentiality is required because if
this arrangement fails , i will probably loose
everything i own and have worked for in the u . k
this matter should therefore be treated with utmost
secrecy and urgency required .
kindly expedite action by contacting me on my e - mail
address , indicating your interest in this transaction .
for swift response to your reply , kindly indicate your
fax and telephone numbers clearly so that i can
explain further , especially by fax . i am urgently
waiting your reply as payment to contractors by my
company is usually made on quarterly basis .
i thank you in view of your anticipated urgent
co - operation .
yours faithfully ,
saeeb usman .
nb : please reply to my private email saeeb _ usman @ yahoo . co . uk
telephone no : + 44 0704 011 0654
free weekend phone calls ! no monthly fee , no contract !
