Subject: how about your good self ?
good evening .
all our final decisions are made in a state of mind that is not going to last . the vitality of a new movement in art must be gauged by the fury it arouses .
the man who has accomplished all that he thinks worthwhile has begun to die . when you are aspiring to the highest place , it is honorable to reach the second or even the third rank .
there is a fellowship more quiet even than solitude , and which , rightly understood , is solitude made perfect . frustrated love has been the incentive for many great works .
spinoza experience keeps a dear school , but fools will learn in no other .
have an aim in life - - then don ' t forget to pull the trigger . all bodies are slow in growth but rapid in decay .
our true destiny is not to be ministered unto but to minister to ourselves and to our fellow men . one must verify or expel his doubts , and convert them into the certainty of yes or no . the gambling known as business looks with severe disfavor on the business known as gambling .
none of us can stand other people having the same faults as ourselves .
' tis the old secret of the gods that they come in low disguises .
the more anger towards the past you carry in your heart , the less capable you are of loving in the present .
if you find a path with no obstacles , it probably doesn ' t lead anywhere .
happiness is not a state to arrive at , rather , a manner of traveling .
charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it . i ' ve got to keep breathing . it ' ll be my worst business mistake if i don ' t .
the dog that trots about finds a bone .
history is just the portrayal of crimes and misfortunes . civilization is a limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities . god always has another custard pie up his sleeve .
the itch of disputing is the scab of the churches .
when you ' ve got something to prove , there ' s nothing greater than a challenge .
niganisabye - bye
