Subject: winning notifications
from : the lottery coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
attention : third category winner
08 / 12 / 04
dear winner ,
after a successful completion of the third category
draws of euro american lottery , held on 08 th
december , 2004 , we are pleased to inform you of the
official announcement today , that you have emerged one
of the winners of the euro american
lottery / international programs , which is part of our
promotional draws .
participants were selected through a computer ballot
system drawn from 25 , 000 email addresses of
individuals and companies from africa , america , asia ,
australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new
zealand as part of our international promotions
program .
your email , attached to ticket number 714 - 5 - 9827 , with
serial number 14 - 83 drew the lucky numbers 03 , 15 , 23 ,
25 , 35 , 40 , ( 30 ) , and consequently won in the third
category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum
pay out of 1 . 2 million united state dollars in cash ,
which is the winning payout for each third category
winner . this is from the total prize money of 19 . 2
million united states dollars shared among the sixteen
international winners in the third category .
congratulations .
the entire payout for third category winners amounting
to 19 . 2 million united state dollars is currently
deposited in an escrow account with our corresponding
bank the entire sum insured . to avoid mix up of
numbers and names of any kind , we request that you
keep this award strictly from public notice until the
entire process of transferring your claims has been
completed , and your winnings remitted to you via one
of the payment options available to you . this is part
of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or
unscrupulous acts by participants of this program .
we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year
( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning
up to 5 million united state dollars .
please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin
your claims process ;
mr james phillips
claims dept . manager ,
euro american lottery uk
email : @ winning . com
for due processing and remittance of your prize money ,
remember , you must contact your claims agent to
commence claims process .
note : to avoid unnecessary delays and complications ,
please remember to quote your reference and batch
numbers provided below in every one of
your correspondence with your claims agent .
reference number : e - a - l 549 - 1
batch number : 277 - dt
congratulations once again from all our staff and
thank you
sincerely ,
the lottery coordinator ,
euro american lottery uk .
note : all prize funds must be claimed before the 13 th of december 2004 after this date all funds will be declare unclaimed .
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the
winners will result to disqualification . please do not
reply to this mail . contact your claims agent .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com