Subject: reply ; from mr . jeftha
dear friend ,
how are you today ? you may be surprised to receive this letter from me ,
since you do not know me personally , but for purpose of introduction .
i am mr . james john jeftha , the first son of dr , peter jeftha , who was
recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe . i got your contact
through my personal search for a honest and trustworthy individual , who can
help my family in receiving this fund , for proper investment and safe
keeping , and i decided to write to you , for assistance and business
co - operation . before the death of my father , he had taken me to oversea to
deposit the total sum of ( us $ 16 , 8 million united states dollars ) , with a
security and finance company , as if he foresaw the looming danger in
zimbabwe .
the money was deposited in a box as gem stones to avoid demurrage from the
security company . this amount was made for establishment of an industry in
uk .
this land problem came when zimbabwean president mr . robert mugabe ,
introduced a new land act , which wholly affected the rich white farmers and
some few black farmers . this resulted in killing and mob action by
zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society . in fact , more than
thirty ( 30 ) people have been killed because of this land reform act .
heads of governments from the west especially britain have condemned
mugabe ’ s new land reform act and for this reason , sadc ( southern african
development community ) heads of states have met and voiced their support for
mr . mugabe . south african president and the president of malawi have been
sent by sadc to britain to support mugabe ’ s new land reform act .
it is against this background , that i and my family , who are currently
staying in europe right because of this problem , have decided to transfer my
father ’ s money to a foreign account . as the eldest son of my father , i am
saddled with this responsibility of seeking a genuine account where this
money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are
bent on taking everything we have got and other african governments seem to
be playing along with them .
i am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in africa for
fear of going through the same experience in future since most of the
countries have lost similar political history . however , the european union
foreign exchange policy where i am right now does not allow such investment
as i am seeking for asylum . i don ’ t want to disclose all the information
about me , and where i am residing right now for fear of having my asylum
request cancelled by the authorities in my host country , but immediately you
get back to me , i will give you the necessary information .
as a businessman , whom i have to entrust my future and that of my family in
his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is risk - free and the
nature of your business does not necessarily matter . therefore , if you
accept to assist my family and me , we are willing to offer 30 % of the total
sum for your assistance needed , 60 % for me and my family while 10 % will be
mapped out for any pre - transfer charges or bank charges . i would wish to
invest in your country on commercial properties and buying of rents based on
your advice or from experts in your country .
if this proposal is acceptable by you , please , send me your contacts ;
address , telephone and fax numbers .
you should note that this transaction is highly confidential and should be
kept within you alone .
your urgent response and acceptance will be highly appreciated . please
forward your reply to my private address : jmsjeftha @ velocall . com ,
jmsjeftha @ jumpy . it
regards ,
mr . james john jeftha , ( for the family )
sent by excite inbox - http : / / inbox . excite . co . uk
powered by excite uk - http : / / www . excite . co . uk