Subject: urgent message from france
from mrs suha arafat .
please send your reply to my personal email for quick response .
email : suhaol @ paris . com
urgent message from france
dear intending partner
this mail may not be surprising to you if you have
been following current events in the international
media with reference to the middle east and palestine
in particular .
i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the
palestinian leader who died recently in paris .
please view this website to confirm my story .
since his death and even prior to the announcement , i
have been thrown into a state of antagonism ,
confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness
by the present leadership of the palestinian
liberation organization and the new prime minister . i
have even been subjected to physical and psychological
torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have
lost confidence with everybody in the country at the
moment .
you must have heard over the media reports and the
internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband
secret bank account and companies and the allegations
of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in
my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up
to the corrupt palestine government . in fact the total
sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is
in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they
are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for
life . as you know , the moslem community has no regards
for woman , hence my desire for a foreign assistance .
i have deposited the sum of 20 million dollars with a
security firm france whose name is withheld for now
until we open communication . i shall be grateful if
you could receive this fund into your bank account for
safe keeping and any investment opportunity . this
arrangement is known to you and my personal attorney .
he might be dealing with you directly for security
reasons as the case may be .
in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for
our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your
percentage share of the $ 20 , 000 , 000 that will be kept
in your position for a while and invested in your name
for my trust pending when my daughter , zahwa , will
come off age and take full responsibility of her
family estate / inheritance .
in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to
the security and international media as i am giving
you this information in total trust and confidence i
will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in
good faith . please expedite action .
yours sincerely ,
suha arafat
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / teamkorupt . com