Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? please = 20 reply = 20 quickly = 2 e ? =
mr . edmond haziem .
republic of benin
good day ,
with warm heart i offer my friendship and my greetings and i hope this letter
meets you in good time . it will be surprising for you to receive this proposal
from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking
your confidence in this transaction , which i , propose with my free mind
and as a person of integrity .
a ) it is practically impossible for me to carry out this business alone .
b ) you live in a foreign land far away from mine . this should normally not
be a requirement , but when you understand the transaction then you will
understand why it is important that you live far away from me .
c ) the amount of money involved in this transaction is fifteen million one
hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 15 , 100 , 000 . 00 ) which is too much
for a man of modest means like myself to handle in my country .
i believe from my few points above , you can begin to get an idea why i need
your participation . i am writing you in respect of a foreign customer who
has a domicilliary account in my bank . his name was engineer frank oliver .
he was among those who died in a plane crash , since the demise of this our
customer , engineer frank oliver , who was an oil merchant / import & exporter ,
i have kept a close watch of the deposit records and accounts and since
then nobody has come to claim the money in this a / c as next of kin to the
late engineer . he had only fifteen million one hundred thousand united states
dollars ( s $ 15 , 100 , 000 . 00 ) in his account and the account is coded .
it is only an insider that could produce the code of the deposit particulars .
as it stands now , there is nobody in that position to produce the needed
information other than my very self considering my position in the bank .
based on the reason that nobody has come forward to claim the deposit as
next of kin , i hereby ask you to send an application to the bank as the
next of kin to the deceased and get this fund transfered into your foreign
bank a / c for mutual sharing between myself and you , 5 % for expences we will
incure 35 % for you and 60 % for me .
all i need is for you to follow my instructions closely because i am experienced
in inheritance matters here and i am on ground here to advice you on every
step until you receive the fund . what is required of you is to send an application
to the bank as next of kin to this late engineer and i promise you that
everything will go smoothly .
i also indulge you not to make undo use of the information given to you ,
i need also to trust that you will not tell people or your bank about this
business . you will collect the money first , then i get my share , then you
can tell anybody what you chose thereafter . i shall need your help to invest
in your country therefore , any experience you have in this area will be
beneficial .
please feel free to ask any question and seek for explanations if required
and upon the receipt of your favourable esponses , you should including your
telephone number for easy communication .
yours treuly ,
mr . edmond haziem .
phone : + 229 - 844986 .
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /