Subject: saddam palace
reply only to : duncan _ envoy @ diplomats . com
my dear
i got your contact from random search , and i am very sorry to
interrupt your peace since you are not expecting to receive any mail from
me . however , i was obliged to do so due to the importance and urgency of
the message . i crave your indulgence , and want to reassure you that i mean
well and that it is only for our mutual good . so please do not be embarrassed .
my name is duncan raincock ; i am a social worker with an international
non - governmental / voluntary organization based in switzerland .
i am the accounts / project director in - charge of the middle east regional
representation . our organization , through local
ngo ' s and other agencies and in partnership with the united nations
high commission for refugees , unhcr , unesco , etc works and sponsors
development projects and social services in some third world / developing
countries , assistance and re - settlement of victims of natural disaster ,
civil wars and refugees , displaced / oppressed children and minority people
around the world .
i am just back from iraq where in the cause of performing our duties we
found a huge amount of cash in an abandoned palace , i reached an agreement
with the members of my team whom are un officials and we agreed to keep
this money to ourselves and then moved the box out of iraq to europe ( with
their immunity as un officials they are not searched at borders or airports ) . now ,
i am in need of a reliable and trustworthy person or company overseas whom
i can confidently work with since my work does not permit me to own a foreign
bank account or any personal business until retirement , i have the honor
to confide this information in you and to request for your pleasure to assist
to receive and secure the money in your account , pending our retirement
from service .
please understand that my approach to you is based only on my positive reasoning
and on the belief that you will not disappoint or betray me at last . the
amount is fairly huge and we have agreed that on completion of the deal ,
you will retain some reasonable percentage of the money ( 30 % ) as a compensation
for your assistance while 10 % will be donated to charity organizations in
iraq . the amount of the
money is twenty five million united states dollars ( $ 25 million ) to consider
our official positions , reputation and integrity , especially , the opportunities
in the business itself , it is very necessary that all due care be taken
so that we do not miss the opportunity due to carelessness . you are therefore
expected and advised to display high degree of maturity , responsibility and
understanding in handling this information . i will give you all the details
in my next mail when you have indicated your interest and commitment to
work with me . always remember that this is the highest confidence and
trust any person can repose on the other , especially when it is considered
that we did not know ourselves before . i hope you will honor me too .
we can come over to join you for sharing and to guarantee that we have unlimited
access to you before and when the funds hit your account . moreso for an effective
and easy communiation i will advice that you furnish me with your telephone ,
cell and . i eagerly await your positive response .
reply only to : duncan _ envoy @ diplomats . com
best regards ,
duncan raincock ,