Subject: good day
greetings ,
i am mrs christine ampatin go , a divorcee and native of
philippines . i would like to have a long lasting and
confidential relationship with you by entrusting you with
my life time fortune as i am presently desolated and need
someone to trust . i do not want to remember my past ordeal
in the hands of close confidants and family .
from your profile , i would want to believe strongly that
you are a very honest person . i have undergone so much
tumoils in my short but eventful life and i want to go away
from my all troubles . i hope you will not dissapoint me
afterall . any way , i was once the mistress of our then
president , joseph estrada , and during his tenure in office ,
he enstrusted me with the sensitive task of safely
depositing his funds in several financial institutions
accross the world . my sexual and business relationship with
joseph estrada was a top secret and it suited us both that
way for years until he made a fatal mistake of leaving my
letter unburnt after reading . his wife stumbled on it
and \ \ \ " the cat was let out of the bag \ \ \ " this was a prelude to
the fracas i had with his wife , madam loi and her son ,
jude . it was a public embarrassment and people became aware
that i was having such an affair with the president .
not quite a long time ago , i was wrongly arrested alongside
joseph estrada \ \ \ ' s wife and son in connection with the 27 th
july , 2003 failed coup and was charged with treason ,
trafficking and harbouring of arms and ammunationsin in the
villa bought for me by the then president joseph estrada .
after much investigation and interrogation , i was released
on the ground of insufficient evidence but kept under
severe immigration security watch .
i know you might be wondering why i am telling you my
shameful relationship with the then president and that i
deserved all the problems i have gone throu gh . i do not
dispute that and i feel so ashamed of myself but the fact
is that i want a second chance to start afreash and make
something out of my life . do not judge me harshly in as
much as you may want to . i need your assistance and
urgently too . i want you to assist me claim one of the
funds deposits i made for the president estrada overseas
during the days of my relationship with the then president .
the documents of other deposits have been confiscated by
the the government of madam gloria ariyo , the current
president of my country . the only deposit i can lay claims
to right now is this one they could not see as i kept the
documents with one of my close confidants who
unfortunately , was also arrested .
the amount deposited is us $ 10 m . joseph wanted to use this
money to acquire some property in real estate in africa
which unfortunately , he could not finalise . i want you to
promise me your total sincerity and will no t betray the
enermous trust i am bestowing on you . once you claim this
money , you will keep and invest the money on trust on my
behalf in any viable business venture pending when i am
taken off the immigration security watch list . it is only
then shall i travel down to meet you and we can sit down
and deliberate on whether to continue on your line of
investment or diversify . as soon as i get your consent to
this subject matter , i will send you a copy of my
international passport photograph which i had stored in my
computer before the government seiezed my international
passport . upon the receipt of this mail , please send me your
full names and contact address to enable me issue out a
letter of authorisation on your behalf which will ensure
that you successfuly claim the money when you come in
contact with the finance house where the money is lodged .
please , respond to my email
address : ampatingo _ c @ myway . com
bes t regards ,
yours sincerely ,
mrs christine ampatin go