Subject: re : make sure to get in modem
investment alert
emerging biotech company soon to release ground breaking medical device
in vivo medical diagnostics , inc ( stock
symbol otc : ivvo ) is finalizing its first ground - breaking portable medical
device , the prothrombin time monitor , that measures changes in the magnetic
fields of blood on a molecular level . this is critical for patients undergoing
anticoagulation therapy after heart attacks and strokes . this measurement is
now portable and is used in real time to achieve optimal medication levels ,
which is essential for successful treatment . ivvo has recently announced their
joint effort with inverness medical innovations a leading manufacturer and marketer
of rapid diagnostic products in order to complete development of the prothrombin
time monitor for its clinical trials . prothrombin testing is a massive market
and continues to grow with projections in excess of $ 150 million in 2005 and
over $ 500 million by 2010 . ivvo is poised to capitalize on this significant
opportunity . dont miss out on the near term upside potential in ivvo !
investment anaysis
in vivo medical diagnostics , inc . ( stock
symbol otc : ivvo )
short - term target : $ 3 . 00
12 - month target : $ 5 . 00
recommendations : very strong buy
long term outlook : excellent
heart disease is the most common cause of death and cardiovascular
disease affects over 60 million people worldwide . the largest area of growth
in the health care sector is in patient management . this growth is caused by
patients with chronic conditions , who are forced to make frequent and costly
hospital visits to monitor their condition .
in vivo medical diagnostics utilizes the hall effect , which
is a well - known physics phenomenon that can be used to measure changes in magnetic
fields at the molecular level . ivvo has taken this proven science and has used
it for imaging purposes which is applied to many different applications , including
the cardiovascular and diabetes markets .
ivvo is a well - established company that has been operating for
over eight years . ivvo currently has two additional products in their 2 nd clinical
trials , a pregnancy labor monitor and a fetal heart rate monitor , along with
12 patents that will allow them to extend their technology to other emerging
medical solutions . ivvo is currently profitable with additional royalty income
beginning in 2005 . ivvo has sufficient funds on hand to take them well into
2006 .
information within this email contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations ,
beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation
or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is
neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer .
this newsletter is not affiliated with in vivo medical diagnostics , inc in any
way . this newsletter was produced and distributed by a independent third party .
all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such .
we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes
forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect ,
believe , may , will , move , undervalued
and intend or similar terms . please do your own due diligence before
investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny
stocks .
