Subject: my dear friend
from : mr . alex kajeta .
i am sorry at the perceived confussion you may have , by receieving this letter from me since we have not previously met . to be precise i was a former accountant to charles taylor the former president of liberia .
i am a citizen of liberia and my name is mr . alex kajeta . i was in charge of buying ammunition in our country . there was money maped out by the former president of liberia charles taylor to buy ammunition to fight rebels . this money is in my possesion right now . the sum of usd 25 million which was meant for purchase of ammunition but was not used for that purpose as a result of international presure on charles taylor to relinquish power . right now charles taylor has steped down from power for a new government .
i am explaining the source of this money to you so that you will understand the source of the usd 25 million which i deem that it will be good for me and you to invest this money in your country on profitable business in your country . that is why i am soliciting for a reliable and trustworthy foreigner to help me accomodate this money in your account .
this money was deposited in a security company in europe by my instruction through diplomatic means . the document that is backing the deposit of us $ 25 million are currently with me as the accountant to charles taylor . at this junction i can not disclose the security ' s company ' s name to you until you accept my proposal for security reasons .
( 1 ) what i need from you is to help me claim this money ( usd 25 million ) from the security company as my foreign partner .
( 2 ) you are entittled to 30 % of the usd 25 milllion as your share for your
assistance .
( 4 ) 5 % will be map out for miscelleneous expenses during the transaction .
( 5 ) and 65 % will be for me mr . alex kajeta i have all necessary legal documents from the security company where i lodged this money to back - up your claim for this money .
all i require is your honesty and cooperation to enable this deal succeed . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law .
please get in touch with my email and send to me your telephone numbers to enable us further this transaction .
your ' s truely
mr . alex kajeta
n . b : presently i am among the 150 liberians that came with charles taylor as assylum seekers here in nigeria .