Subject: urgent reply ( guenter )
barr . samson stephen chambers
no 5 maryland way lagos
nigeria ,
attn : guenter ,
i am barrister samson stephen , a solicitor . i am the private attorney to mr . winston h guenter a national of your country , who used to be crude oil marchent in nigeria . on the 21 st of april he and his entire immediate family were involved in a car accident along sagbamo express road . all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives .
since then i have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my client ' s relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to trace his last name over the internet , to locate any bodywho is willing help to retrieve this fund , hence i contacted you . i have contacted you to assist in repatrating the money and ( property ) left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the finance company where this huge deposits were lodged where the deceased had an account valued at about four million united states dollars ( us 4 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisicated .
since i have been unsuccesfull in locating the relatives for over 2 years now i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name so that the proceeds of this account valued at 15 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money . 50 % for me and 40 % for you and 10 % will be used for any expenses that this might cost on the process of this transaction . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make .
all i require is your honest co - operation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . it is 100 % risk - free
alternative - email - samsonchambers _ 2002 @ yahoo . com
awaiting to hear from you soon .
best regards ,
barrister samson stephen ( esq ) .
? s? listo ! contrata el antivirus http : / / www . pandasoftware . es / tienda / ? idpers = 109 & track = 13920