Subject: select smallcap for astute investors
hedrick ,
emerson oil and gas , inc . ( otc - eogi )
domestic oil & gas stock under accumulation ?
voiume this month : over 3 miilion shares traded
current price : $ . 21
watch this stock monday ! some of these littie oi | and gas stocks have been reaily moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of .
imagine if you had the scoop on either of these oi | and gas stocks recentiy :
otc : ucpi . went from $ 1 . 05 november lst to $ 2 . 6 o on december loth
otc : xchc . this bad boy went from $ . 47 november lst to $ 1 . 8 o on december 10 th .
think ge is going to move like that anytime soon ?
reasons to consider eogi :
* emerson oi | & gas holds a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis wel | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis wel | is located in the arkana fieid and initia | | y produced from the haynesville formation of the cotton vailey series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feeis that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders well .
* emerson is identifying additional step out opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson has signed a letter of intent to earn 50 % working interest in the rinsland weil and lease in bossier parish louisiana .
* emerson ' s north - west louisiana drilling efforts foilow closeiy to its philosophy of high - potentia | low risk re - entry projects in developed fields . by maintaining this conservative , but revenue driven philosophy and mission statement , emerson enables itself to build a strong revenue base for the company and its shareholders , while taking the | owest possible risk in achieving this goal .
( source : recent press releases )
conciusion
the examples above show the awesome , money m @ king potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens . . many of you are aiready famiiiar it . is eogi poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . .
and please watch this one trade monday ! go eogi !
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact conditions in the capita | markets , inciuding the interest rate environment and the availabiiity of capita | ; changes in the competitive marketplace that could affect the company ' s revenue and / or cost and expenses , such as increased competition , lack of quaiified marketing , management or other personne | , changes in technoiogy or customer requirements , which could render the company ' s technoiogies noncompetitive or obsolete ; trends affecting the company ' s financial condition or resuits of operations ; the company ' s abiiity to continue to control costs new product introductions , product sales mix and the geographic mix of sales . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gis ter ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of nineteen hundred thirty three , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of thirty thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites & company press releases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .