Subject: happy new year
dear sir ,
my name is fred . i a nigerian businessman . am into oil exploration .
i have a business to discuss regarding payment for an oil shipment which
i need to claim . i shipped the oil to india , but i am presently under house
arrest because i was involved in a problem with government . let me explain .
well , 6 months ago i was arrested for involvment in oil bunkering ( smuggling ) but
i was released and placed under house arrest because the government did
not find any proof to convict me . pls donnot be afraid to work with me because
oil bunkering is not such a bad business and i am not a bad person .
you see , i am unable to travel to india to collect the payment for the oil
which i shipped there because of the house arrest .
what i need from you , is for you to go to india , and sign and claim this
funds from india .
i am being tried in court . so untill i am pronounced innocent i cannot leave
the country . and i need that money so that my business and family does not
lack .
i need a foreign party to help me with the claim because it will be risky
to use any of my former partners . . . i hope you understand my predicament .
all i need from you is to travel to india to sign and claim the payment
on my behalf , ( in your name ) .
or
we can arrange for an online banking transaction . . . . please choose which
procedure will be better for you .
the amount in question is us $ 30 . 2 m and i offer you 20 % of it for your help .
if u are willing and able to work with me , i will send you more details ,
and tell you how we can work in partnership . you see , nigeria is the biggest
producer of oil in africa and i am well connected and able to export more
shipments of oil .
if you can be my partner you will help me to claim oversees payments . when
i ship the oil .
i hope u understand and i hope to hear from you .
my name is fred dagogo
please send your email ( response ) to freddagogo @ maktoob . com
free weekend phone calls ! no monthly fee , no contract !
