Subject: current anaiysis on hot pick from our watch sheet
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ 0 . 10
watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been
realiy moving lately .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mail , and a globa | virtual number .
aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any cell phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( celiular bridging capability ) . a sleek voip enabled , full - featured lan phone with lcd display , caller id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand alone voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced ca | | forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product | ine . each voip enabied handset has the abiiity to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technologically advanced line of voip products currently avaiiabie in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a globa | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product line calied nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade wednesday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com