Subject: private
attn :
i am mr . eric persson deputy managing director of one of the prime bank here in the netherlands . i was the accounting officer of late mr . mario riminton a national of united state of america who was a contractor here in the netherlands . on the 21 st of july 2000 my client , his wife and their only son were involved in a car accident along amstelveen highway in amsterdam , all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then i have made several enquiries to his embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives but this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you to act as the next of kin to mr mario riminton . i have contacted you to assist in transfer of huge capital of funds ( $ 12 . 500 . 000 ) left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the share holders of this bank so that they can share his funds as dividends amongst themselves . the said bank has issued me a notic !
e to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next fourteen official working days . because as at the time of his demise i was his accounting officer , but have since been promoted to the position of deputy managing director , ever since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to the deceased , so that the proceeds of this account can be paid to you . therefore , on receipt of your positive response , we shall then discuss the sharing ratio and modalities for transfer . i have all necessary formation and legal documents needed to back you up for claim . . . . all i require from you is your honest cooperation
to enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . i am waiting to hear from you soon .
best regards ,
mr . eric persson
note ; all replies should be forwarded to my
confidential email address ; ericpersson @ zwallet . com
sms schreiben mit web . de freemail - einfach , schnell und
kostenguenstig . jetzt gleich testen ! http : / / f . web . de / ? mc = 021192