Subject: i am writing this mail to you in good faith ,
ar friend
i am writing this mail to you in good faith , my name is mrs jan lopez from
new zealand . i used to work with shell petroleum , nigeria where i am presently
underdoing treatment and was also a major investor in offshore oil riggs
until recently when i was crippled by stroke which left half part of my body
paralysed and also i had undergone extensive eye surgery which has resulted
into poor vision . for the past fifteen years i have been looking for a miracle , a
spiritual cure all to no avail .
recently my doctor gave me very bad news which is very disturbing to my ears , he
said that in about three months time that i will soon die of my illness , i
have no close relative arond and the only one i have which happens to be
a distant cousin of mine mrs linda lefler left for australia 10 years ago
and since then i havent seen her neither do i have her postal address . i have
surrendered my life to god and i am now a born again , i want to do a good
deed before i depart hence my contacting you . i will want to set up orphanages
in my name and also donate the rest of my wealth to the missionary or
charitable organizations and for the needy since the wealth would not be
usefull for me when i am gone . i am seeking for who would be willing to
dilligently carry out this will of god for me which is the reason i am
contacting . my account balance presently totalling $ 16 , 828 , 645 . 67 as was
reflected in my last statement account from my bank account i have in nigeria
and i have wish to use this fund to finance this project as i do not have
much time left , you will be entitled to 24 % of these funds for your good work
and put the rest into the church and charitable organizations , what will be
required of you is to make contact with the bank for these funds to be transfered
but the first thing i will require from you is to give your life
to god , right now i am confined to an automated wheel chair in the teaching
hospital and the internet is the only means i have in communicating with
the outside world as i do not have a phone so i would be unable to make and
recieve phone calls . i presume that you are the right person to meet regarding
such issue as i do not know whether to go to another party , please send me
a
mail if you are willing to assist me on this and also include your
cellphone , phone and fax numbers to enable mysef call you with the assistance
of the nurse here who has been kind enough to assist me , i want you to send
your response to this my message at my confidential email addresses ( mrsjan _ lopez @ yahoo . com )
a s i am eagerly
expecting your prompt response t my mail via those addresses . as soon as i
recieve a response from you i shall hand every information pertaining to
ths
fund over to you including all legal documents for onward transfer to your
account so that you can commence on this workof god for me as i am disabled
and will not be able to move around and do much . you can also send me a post
through my address below . iam prsently very ill .
thank you very much for your understanding
remain blessed
mrs . jan lopez
tiscali adsl 2 mega free , 2 mega gratis !
attiva tiscali adsl 2 mega free entro il 28 febbraio e navighi gratis
fino al 31 marzo 2005 ! in piu ' , anche il costo di adesione e ' gratis .
scaricato il concetto ? http : / / abbonati . tiscali . it / adsl /