Subject: fulfil my last wish please
dear friend ,
firstly , i wish you the very best wishes of good health and success . i also enjoin you not to wonder as this letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not yet met . i have to say that i have no intentions of causing you any worries as i decided to contact you through this medium . as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry or pity for me because i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr larry moore , a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with prostate and esophageal cancer that was discovered lately due to my laxity in caring for my health . it has defiled all forms of medicine and right now , i have only about few months to live according to medical experts .
i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone not even myself but my business . i wasn ' t too generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my businesses as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to live in this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it .
however , now that i know my time is near , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations and people , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . i have willed and given most of my properties and assets to some orphanages as well as some schools in the u . a . e . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself any more . the last of my money , which i planned to use in openning a shopping complex in london is a huge cash deposited with a financial security firm abroad , i want to donate it to any worthy , charity organisation , hence my contacting you with blind trust having been led by my intuition of goodwill .
my request
as a result of my present health situation , i am looking for a trustworthy individual / firm to help me collect this deposited funds with the financial firm abroad and dispatch it to charity organizations and let them know that i , mr larry moore , is making this generous donation as a dying man ' s last wish . i am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where i wait for my time to come . i pray that god uses you to support and assist me with good heart .
commission / remuneration
as regards your commission / remuneration , i have decided to offer you 25 % of the total sum and also set aside 5 % for all your expenses ( i . e for any expenses you may incure during the process of this project ) . i strongly believe that associating with you to embark on this , will derive a huge success hereafter and it will mark a lasting bond for you and profound joy for me . if you are willing to assist me i will be expecting your response . please write me only through my secure email
address : mrlarrymoore @ mail 2 uae . com
i await your anticipated co - operation .
sincerely ,
mr larry moore .
nb : i will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished because i do not want anything that will jeopadize my last wish , as i do not want my family people to know about this because i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and donate the money , which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . i will be communicating with you by email as i do not want anybody ( my medical staff ) to know what i am up to as they are always around me .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com