Subject: dear guenter
dear guenter ,
i am an accountant with citizen international bank ; my name is mr . biola williams i am the personal account officer to engr . anthony guenter . a national of your country , who is a contractor with the department of petroleum resources , victoria island lagos . herein after shall be referred to as my client on 30 jan 2000 , my client , his wife and two children were involved in an auto crash along the lagos ibadan express way , and all the occupants of the vehicle including my client and his family died in this fatal auto crash on 30 jan 2000 .
since then i have made several inquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to trace his last name over the internet , to locate any member of his family hence i contacted you . i have contacted you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where these huge deposits were lodged , particularly the citizen international bank . where the deceased had an account valued at about ( $ 15 million us dollars ) has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next ten official working days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name so that the proceeds of this account valued at ( $ 15 million us dollars ) can be paid to you and then you and i can share the money 50 % to me and 40 % to you . while 10 % for unforeseen bottle necks we might in cure in this transaction an attorney will be contracted to help us revalidate and notarize all the necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make .
all i require is your honest co - operation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you and i from any breach of the law . you can contact me through my private e - mail : biolawilliamso 5 @ yahoo . ca and enclose your private telephone number for easy communication .
best regards ,
mr . biola williams
? s? listo ! contrata el antivirus http : / / www . pandasoftware . es / tienda / ? idpers = 109 & track = 13920