Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? dear = 20 sir ? =
dear friend ,
greetings in sincerity , i am former
mrs . fatima setia , now mrs . chritiana ahmed , a widow to late sheik
mohammed setia from sri lan ka , i am 74 years old , i am now a new christian
convert ,
this happened few days after the tsunami disaster across
the south east asian region on 26 th to 30 th december , which my family was
also a victim .
from all indications my condition is really deteriorating and it ' s quite
obvious that
i won ' t live more than two months according to my doctors . this is because
the injury
i substained and my high b . p level has gotten to a very bad stage .
my husband was buried alive in the devilish landslide right here in our
home .
we couldn ' t produce any child . my late husband was very wealthy and after
his
death , no body remains to inherit all his business and wealth . the doctor
has advised me
that i may not live for more than two months , so i now decided to divide
part of this wealth , to contribute to the victims of the landslide particularly
in sri lanka , indonesia , philippines ,
and thailand . this prompted me to look for a neutral and god fearing person
to handle this as my condition
will not permit me to do so . i avoided much familiarity for personal reasons .
i selected you aft er visiting the website and i prayed over it , i
am willing to donate the sum of $ 24 . 342 , 000 . 00 million euros to
you for this assignment provided you guarrantte me judicious use of the
fund for this purpose
. please i want you to note that , this
fund is lying in a security company in europe and upon my instruction , you
will file in an
application for the transfer of the money in your name .
lastly , i honestly pray that this money when transferred will be
used for the said purpose , because i have come to find out that wealth
acquisition without christ is vanity upon vanity . you use 10 % of the fund
for contigency .
remains bless .
please do contact my laywer his email address : george _ colstas @ ureach . com : name
george colstas ,
i await your urgent reply .
yours in charity
mrs . christiana
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br