Subject: from george williams
from george williams
abidjan .
phone ; 00 225 05 28 23 44
dear ,
seasonal greetings to you .
i know that this mail will come to you as a surprise please it was borne
out of genuine search for assistance . my name is george williams the only
child of late dr . vincent kone william the former personal assistance to
the deposed liberian head of state mr . charles taylor who is now in exile .
iam 21 years old .
i got your address from the ecowas information centre here in abidjan the
economic capital of cote d ' ivoire . my source of your contact gave me the
confidence to confide in you .
please iam seeking your assistance to help me claim and transfer to your
account the sum of eleven million five hundred thousand
dollars . ( $ 11 . 500 , 000 . 00 , ) deposited by my late father with a bank here here
in abidjan cote d ` ivoire before his death to your country for onward investment
in any lucrative business you may deem fit in your country . and work towards
my coming over to your country .
source of the money ; my late father may his soul rest in perfect peace ,
was during the period of the civil war in sierra - leone the personal assistant
to the then head of state in my country liberia mr . charles taylor .
when he was about to die in 2002 he called me and my mother to his hospital
bed and told us that he was poisoned by some of his collegeus in the government
house who does not like his close relationship with the president . he then
told us that if he eventually dies which latter happened that we should
leave the country for cote d ' ivoire in other to savegurd our lives .
he also disclosed to us about the money he deposited with the bank and handed
over the documents of the deposit to mum to keep for me .
he said that the money was made by him through the many business transactions
on diamonds he made on behalf of the president mr . taylor with the sierra - leonian
rebels during the civil war over there
. the rebels where supplied arms in return for diamonds .
my father told us that due to his position in government and the fact that
i am still young then he made an agreement with the bank that in
case of his death that the money should be transfered to his foreign business
partner ` s account though he did not submit the name of the partner to the
bank .
he also told us that my name was registered as the benificiary and next
to kin that i could only have only have access to the money until iam 25
years . so the only person who can have access to the account now since iam
not upto 25 years is the foreign business partner .
so my father before he gave up the ghost advised my mum to assist me and
search for a good person who could help us transfer the money to his or
her account so that we could submit the person ` s name to the bank as his
foreign business partner .
after my fathers death , i and my mother was helped to escape to cote d ' ivore ` by
an old aquitance of my father because of the civilwar which was on in my
country by that time . on getting to abidjan my mother developed a terminal
illness which eventully claimed
her live .
now iam staying in an assylum camp here in abidjan like an orphan . and my
only hope for survival in this world now is this money my late dad deposited
with the with the bank here . as my mother handed over to me
before her death , the whole documents given to her by my late father to
safe keep for me .
i have located the bank and met the director who agreed to my explanations
. but he said that i cannot make the withdrawal of the
of the money because it has to be transfered to my father ' s foreign business
partner ` s account as it was in the agreement reached by the bank and my
late father .
in that regard iam seeking your help with the believe that i could trust
you , i wish to present your name as my father ' s foreign business partner
so that you can help me to transfer the money to your account . and facilitate
my coming over to your country for onward investement of the money .
all the document relating to the transaction will be sent to you on request . i
have decided to give 15 % of the money to you if could help me transfer the
fund while 5 % will be set aside for any expenditure incured during the transaction .
please if you are interested in helping me , reply this message as soon as
possible or contact me with the above written phone number ;
+ 225 05 28 23 44
so that i will give you directives on what to do next . i eagerly awaits
your reply which ihope will be positive .
yours sincerely ,
george williams
you can click on the links below to comfirm my story .
