Subject: check this stock - it ' s going up up up
polk ,
techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt )
joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion
of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 )
shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / o 4 )
current price : $ . 54
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these small stocks are absolutely flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . wi | | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ?
reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press reieases )
1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china
2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrical usage up to 5 o percent
3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas
4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business
about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 )
techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instaliation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant lighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrica | contractor " has described the lighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as we | | as the education , healthcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three biliion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 100 bi | | ion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction , long - term service and maintenance contracts for customer | ighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems .
watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck .
certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and ruie 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . a | | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , inciuding , without | imitation , statements regarding potentia | future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to be accurate and actua | results and future events could differ materia | | y from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detaiied in the companys sec fiiings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . ail information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .