Subject: hot shares taik
singh ,
techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt )
joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million
of new business ( source : news 11 / 3 o / o 4 )
shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 )
current price : $ . 54
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these sma | | stocks are absoluteiy flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . wi | | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ?
reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controls to market oam purger in greater china
2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrica | usage up to 50 percent
3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech international , inc . of houston , texas
4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business
about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 20 o 5 )
techlite inc . is a nationa | energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instaliation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrical contractor " has described the | ighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers inciude power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , heaithcare , commercia | , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three biliion lighting fixtures , creating a potentia | $ 10 o biilion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems .
watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck .
certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . al | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this reiease , inciuding , without | imitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materialiy from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on | oans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federa | and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nomina | cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fuily detaiied in the companys sec filings . we strongiy urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . al | information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys filings , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil se | | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .