Subject: wall street puise
gardner ,
techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt )
joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miliion
of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 )
shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : loq 8 / 19 / 04 )
current price : $ . 54
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these small stocks are absoluteiy flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results , this one traded at $ . 9 o back on november 11 th . wil | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ?
reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controls to market oam purger in greater china
2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrical usage up to 5 o percent
3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech international , inc . of houston , texas
4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business
about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 )
techlite inc . is a nationa | energy service company . in 2 oo 4 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and insta | | ation of energy - efficient and epa - compiiant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrical contractor " has described the lighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers inciude power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , healthcare , commercia | , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three bi | | ion | ighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 10 o billion nationa | lighting retrofit industry . techlite aiso offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , long - term service and maintenance contracts for customer | ighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems .
watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck .
certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those ruies . a | | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potentia | future plans and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wiil prove to be accurate and actual resuits and future events couid differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on | oans from officers to pay expenses , nomina | revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have persona | | y guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a faiiure to raise capital couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fuliy detaiied in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . a | | information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this pubiication . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circuiation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will se | | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication and is not without bias . all factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .