Subject: urgent business proposal .
from the desk of mr . mustapha ahmed
bill and echange unit
bank of african ( boa )
ouagadougou - burkina faso .
urgent assistance in transaction
i am the manager at the bill and exchange department
bank of african ( boa ) here in ouagadougou , burkina faso .
in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of us $ 18 . 2 m
dollars ( us dollars ) in an account that belonging to one
of our foreign customer . who died along with his entire
family in monday , 31 july , 2000 in a plane crash in
paris . please visit this site that is one of the
evidence the directors brought in other to swallow the
money at the end of the
since we got information about his death , we have been
expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money
because we cannot release it unless some body applies for
it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated
in our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we
learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died
alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind
for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i
now decided to make this business proposal to you and
release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to
the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since
nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go
into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill .
the banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such
money remained unclaimed after five years , the money will
be transfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund . the
request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is
occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner
and a burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner .
i agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as a respect
to the provision of a foriegn account , 10 % will be set
aside for expenses incurred during the business and 60 %
would be for me thereafter , i will visit your country for
disbursement according to the percentage indicated
therefore , to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to
your desiggnited bank account , you must apply first to the
bank as a relation or next of kin of the deceased with a
text of application that i will send to you , so i will like
you to send to me your private telephone and faxnumber for
easy and effective communication and location where in the
money will be remitted .
upon receipt of your reply , i will send to you by fax or
email the text of the application . i will not fail to
bring to your notice this transaction is hitch - free and
that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all
required arrangements have been made for the transfer . you
should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this
letter . trusting to hear from you immediately .
reply me through this email : mustapha _ ahmed 700 @ hotmail . com
dear p / s reply this email thanks
yours faithfully , mr . mustapha ahmed ( b . o . a )