Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? next = 20 of = 20 kin = 2 e ? =
from the desk of : mr buchi ude
bills and exchange department .
african express banking corporation ( aebc )
lagos - nigeria
website : www . african express banking corporation
dear friend ,
let me start by introducing myself properly to you . i am mr buchi ude
an accountant with the bills and exchange department , foreign remittance
office african express banking corporation ( aebc ) . i am writing you this
letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this transaction .
we discovered an abandoned sum of us $ 20 . 5 million ( twenty million five
hundred thousand us dollars ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign
customer who died along side his entire family in november 1990 in a plane
crash . since this development , we have advertised for his next of kin or
any close relation to come forward to claim this money , but nobody came
to apply for the claim . to this effect , i and two other officials in my
office , have decided to look for a trusted foreign partner who can stand
in as the next of kin to the deceased and claim this money .
we need a foreign partner to apply for the claim because of the fact that
the customer was a foreigner and we don ' t want this money to go into the
bank ' s treasury as unclaimed fund . every document to affect this process
will emanate from my table and i will perfect every document to be in accordance
with the banking law and guidelines , so you have nothing to worry about .
we have agreed that 30 % of the money will be for you , 10 % for expenses incurred
on both sides , 10 % will be donated to the charity organization while 50 %
will be for my colleagues and i . if you are going to help me , indicate by
replying this letter and putting in your private telephone and fax numbers , and
your full address of contact to enable me meet up with the banking requirement .
i await your immediate reply to enable us start this transaction in earnest .
please reply me with this e - mail address or through my alternative email
address above .
thanks for your anticipated assistance .
yours faithfully
mr buchi ude
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br