Subject: i need your urgent assistance please .
i want you to stand as his next of kin .
i am barrister esse edewor , a solicitor . i am the personal
attorney to engr . fredrick pickard , who used to work with
panalpina shipping company of nigeria . on the 2 nd of april
2000 , my client , his wife and their three children were
involved in a car accident . all occupants of the vehicle
unfortunately lost thier lives .
since then i have made several enquiries to locate any of
my clients extended relatives , this has also proved
unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i
decided to trace his relatives over the internet , to locate
any member of his family but to no avail , hence i contacted
you .
i have contacted you to assist in repartrating the money
and property left behind by my client before they get
confisicated or declared unserviceable by the bank where
this huge deposits were lodged . particularly , the bank where
the deceased had an account valued at about $ 12 . 5 million
dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin
or have the account confisicated within the next ten
official working days .
since i have been unsuccesfull in locating the relatives
for over 2 years now i seek your consent to present you as
the next of kin of the deceased so that the proceeds of
this account valued at $ 12 . 5 million dollars can be paid to
you as his next of kin and then you and me can share the
money . 65 % to me and 30 % to you , while 5 % should be for
expenses or tax as your government may require .
i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to
back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest
cooperation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee
that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement
that will protect you from any breach of the law . please if
you have accepted in transacting this deal with me get in
touch with me through my telephone number - - 234 805 - 6271540
and as well email me through my alternative email address
which is : esseedewor @ omnimail . sm indicating your interest
and also to discuss further so as tell you the necessary
proceedings to follow to get this fund transfered to your
bank account . it is 100 % risk free .
thanks and god bless .
barrister esse edewor
note , it is very important you reply me :
esseedewor @ omnimail . sm
for security reason