Subject: investment
federal ministry of works and housing
federal secretariat
ikoyi - lagos
email : sholamartin @ mail 2 world . com
from : dr . shola martin .
the : president / ceo
dear sir ,
assistance required for acquisition of estate
i write to inform you of my desire to acquire estates or landed properties in your country on behalf of the director of contracts and finance allocations of the federal ministry of works and housing in nigeria . considering his very strategic and influential position , he would want the transaction to be as strictly confidential as possible . he further wants his identity to remain undisclosed at least for now , untill the completion of the transaction . hence our
desire to have an overseas agent .
i have therefore been directed to inquire if you would agree to act as our overseas agent in order to actualize this transaction . the deal , in brief , is that the funds with which we intend to carry out our proposed investments in your country is presently in a coded account at the nigerian apex bank ( i . e . the central bank of nigeria ) and we need your assistance to transfer the funds to your country in a convenient bank account that will be provided by you before we can put the funds into use in your country . for this , you shall be considered to have executed a contract for the federal ministry of works and housing in nigeria for which payment should be effected to you by the ministry , the contract sum of which shall run into us $ 25 million , of which your share shall be 30 % if you agree to be our overseas agent .
as soon as payment is effected , and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account , we intend to use our own share in acquiring some estates abroad . for this too you shall also serve
as our agent . in the light of this , i would like you to forward to me the following information :
1 . your company name and address if any
2 . your personal fax number
3 . your personal telephone number for easy communication .
you are requested to communicate your acceptance of this proposal through my above stated email address sholamartin @ mail 2 world . com , after which we shall discuss in details the modalities for seeing this transaction through .
your quick response will be highly appreciated . thank you in anticipation of your cooperation .
yours faithfully ,
dr . shola martin .
mail enviado desde el servicio webmail del centro de dialisis alfadial ltda .
- http : / / www . alfadial . cl