Subject: congratulations ! ! new year bonanza
dayzers lottery international .
28 reimbrandtsplien , amsterdam - netherlands .
from : the desk of the vice president .
international promotions / prize award .
batch no : ldnl / 009842 / 03 .
ref . no . ldnl / 1282664 / 03
award notification .
this is to inform you of the release of the email lottery
ballot international / world gaming board winners of the
scientific game promo lottery ; the netherlands . each email
address was randomly selected and attached to ticket numbers
and the numbers here quoted won the lottery
in the 2 nd category .
corporate and individual email addresses were selected from
australia ,
new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part
of
international promotions program , which is conducted
annually .
this was held on 3 rd january , 2005 , but due to the mix up of
number , the
results were released on the 15 th of january 2005 . your
email address
attached to ticket number 561000 with serial number 009888
drew the lucky
numbers of 11 - 8 - 9 which consequently won the lottery in the
2 nd
category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum
payout of eur
500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand euros ) in cash credited
to file with ref . no . ldnl / 1282664 / 03 .
congratulations : in a bid to correct the mix up of some
numbers and
names , we ask that you keep your winning information
confidential until
your claims have been processed and your money remitted to
you . this is
part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and
unwarranted
abuse of this program by some participants . all participants
were
selected through a computer ballot system drawn from only
microsoft
users from over 20 , 000 company and 3 , 000 , 000 individual
email addresses and names from all over the world . this
promotional program takes place
annually .
please be informed that all non - resident of the netherlands
are required to pay charges for thier non - resident
processing / application fee as a perequisite to the
processing of their winnings prior to the pay out and
collection of their winning prize .
the amount is subject to your country of origin . to begin
your lottery
claim , please contact the fiducial processing agent that
have been
designated for the processing of your winning . please call
the claims
agent - mr . jeffin simon of the foreign operation / claims
department of the appointed company , dayzers lottery
international b . v . . on tel :
+ 31 - 622 - 032 - 573
for the processing and
remittance of your winning prize money to a destination of
your choice . any claim not made will be returned to the
ministerial van de economia , the hague , holland . note that
all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake .
n . b : any persons under the age of 18 is automatically
disqualified from this programe .
accept our warmenst felicitation and congratulations as we
wait on your
swift revert back to your designated fiducial agent for
guidance on the
procedures of claims and payment .
yours ,
gerald flanagan ( mr ) .
national co - ordinator .