Subject: these shares are unbeiievabie
myles ,
news after the ciose
tiger team technologies ( otc - ttmt )
leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 )
current price : $ . 125
many of you may agree : this is an exciting industry
reasons to consider ttmt tuesday : news after the ciose friday
press reiease source : tiger team technologies corporation
tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for medical biiling and transcription services friday january 14 , 4 : 54 pm et
st . paul , minn . , jan . 14 / prnewswire / - - tiger team technoiogies corporation ( pink sheets : ttmt - news ) is pleased to announce that it has formed a who | | y owned group in india to provide medical biliing and transcription services .
tiger team wiil offer these services over its secure servers and data centers in the united states via vpn ( coded security system ) . this strategy enabies tiger team to leverage its hipa compliant servers , software , and data centers in the us with the most competitive cost structure in the industry , thereby giving the company a | eg up on the competition . tiger team joins many fortune 50 o companies who have done business in india to provide better and more efficient service .
about ttmt
tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded electronic file transmission in accordance with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements . this transiates to tota | patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the | iabiiity and medical premiums piaced on providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individual medical practices by leveraging this exciusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services .
watch this stock trade tuesday ! go check it out for yourseif at your favorite financial site .
do you think it can go higher from here ? good luck . .
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of eight thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )