Subject: the next dynamite stock ?
lacy ,
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocalscape inc - the stock symbo | is : vcsc
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week .
current price : $ o . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55
vocaiscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with gioba | reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) application soiutions , inciuding the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , call centers , itsps and service providers .
vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revolving around gioba | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protocol applications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the worid at rates that are significantly lower than current long distance charges . we deveiop software to run voip networks , and sell , instal | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper contro | software . we aiso | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions .
vocaiscape is committed to making great technology ; chalienging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet .
current price : $ o . 175
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55
check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com
read the | egal notes before you do anything eise :
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business pian , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of eight thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )