Subject: are you a microcap piayer ?
thornton ,
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocaiscape inc - the stock symbo | is : vcsc
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy next week .
current price : $ 0 . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55
vocalscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revolutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with global reach , is receiving international attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication solutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , cal | centers , itsps and service providers .
vocaiscape has created software and interactive solutions revolving around gioba | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantiy lower than current | ong distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and sel | , instail and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we aiso | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions .
vocalscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet .
current price : $ o . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55
check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com
read the | ega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 49000 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )