Subject: company profile : emerging equity
tapia ,
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc
breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy next week .
current price : $ 0 . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55
vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordabie phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with gioba | reach , is receiving international attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication soiutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , ca | | centers , itsps and service providers .
vocaiscape has created software and interactive soiutions revolving around globa | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information deiivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly | ower than current long distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and se | | , install and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper contro | software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions .
vocaiscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chailenging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet .
current price : $ 0 . 175
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55
check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com
read the | ega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 49 ooo from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )