Subject: hello . . .
mr . wang qin .
dah sing bank ltd .
19 des voeux rd .
central hong kong ,
honk kong .
i am mr . wang qin , senior credit officer of the dah
sing bank ltd . i have a concealed business proposal for
you .
after the united state and iraqi war , our client hatem
kamil abdul fatah who was the deputy governor of
baghdad in iraq and also business man made a numbered
fixed deposit for 12 calendar months , with a value of
fourty millions five hundred thousand united state
dollars only in my branch .
upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even
after the war late last year . again after the war
another notification was sent and still no response
came from him . we later find out that the governor has
been assasinated in baghdad .
the websites below is a verification of the news about
his death :
after further investigation it was also discovered
that hatem kamil abdul fatah did not declare any next
of kin in his official papers including the paper work
of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the
last time he was at my office that no one except me
knew of his deposit in my bank .
so , fourty millions five hundred thousand united state
dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever
come forward to claim it .
what bothers me most is that according to the laws of
my country at the expiration three years the funds
will revert to the ownership of the hong kong
government if nobody applies to claim the funds .
against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i
will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of
kin to hatem kamil abdul fatah so that you will be
able to receive his funds .
the prerequisite of the project
i want you to know that i have had everything planned
out so that we shall come out successful .
i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the
necessary document that will back you up as the next
of kin to hatem kamil abdul fatah , all that is required
from you at this stage is for you to provide me with
your full names and address so that the attorney can
commence his job .
after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney
will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure
the necessary approval and letter of probate in your
favor for the move of the funds to an account that
will be provided by you .
there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we
are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney
will prepare all the necessary documents .
please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all
matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been
transferred to your nominated bank account we shall
share in the ratio of 60 % for me , 30 % for you and 10 %
for any expenses incurred during the course of this
operation .
should you be interested please send me your full
particulars including your private phone and fax
numbers for easy communication , you can write me
and i will provide you with more details of this
operation as well as my particulars .
your earliest response to this letter will be
appreciated .
kind regards ,
mr . wang qin .