Subject: stockmarket mnei small - cap profile conformist
getaway
hot pick ( mnei ) for next week 300 to 500 % gains
expected , read below :
mnei - the best small cap stock in 2005 just keep
reading the profile and the news of this company
and you will see for yourself . 76 % gain on friday
and 500 % gain expected this week coming up .
millennium national events , inc . - ticker : mnei
ticker : mnei
current - price : $ 0 . 97
1 - 2 weeks target price : $ 4 - 5
the sky is the limit , look at level 2 you will see .
millenniums current roster of event sponsors includes
such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office
depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports ,
pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting ,
budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc local affiliates ,
brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire
news below
millennium national events enters into an exclusive
strategic alliance with sign - a - rama , the world ' s
largest sign franchise system with over 700 stores
in over 35 countries
millennium national events enters into an exclusive
strategic alliance with sign - a - rama , the world ' s
largest sign franchise system with over 700 stores
in over 35 countries
yes you read it right - this is serious company
with some serious business . we recommend it immediately
more great news is expected later this week .
millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event
company that is currently transforming the world of
special events and corporate sponsorship . the company
is a fully integrated event promoter which owns ,
partially or entirely , and / or operates a diversified
network of events and event promoters in the states
of florida , new york , indiana , colorado , california
and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint
is expanding in live entertainment , including sports
and music . while millennium national events owns and
is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar includes events with img , clear channel , sfx ,
the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
ticker : mnei
current - price : $ 0 . 97
1 - 2 weeks target price : $ 4 - 5
the sky is the limit , look at level 2 you will see .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding
of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be
aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation
of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after
positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict
of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this
publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and 2853 x ( 2 _ jl } a _ 1 m 312 wc 4 mcm 9 w 62 a expectations
involving various risks and uncertainties , that could
cause results to differ materially from those set forth
in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall
constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position
in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter
is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated
with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 7130
from third party to send this report . all statements made
are our express opinion only and should be treated as such .
we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned
at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements
within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as
" expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued "
and " intend " or similar terms . injunctive
paleozoic milldam bombard brisket