Subject: i must say thank you
hello ,
i am mrs maryam abacha the wife of late head of state federal republic of nigeria i got your e - mail from search engine . following the sudden death of my husband general sani abacha the – late former head of state of nigeria in june 1998 , i have been thrown into a state of utter confusion , frustration and hopelessness by the present civilian administration , i have been subjected to physical and psychological torture by the security agents in the country .
as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with anybody within the country . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my husband in different security firms abroad , some companies willingly give up their secrets and disclosed our money confidently lodged there and many outrightly blackmail us . in fact the total sum discovered by the government so far is in the tune of $ 700 . million dollars . and they are not relenting to make me poorfor life . you may be surprise how i got to know but i will tell you when you reply .
i repose great confidence in you hence my approach to you . due to security network placed on my day to day affairs i cannot afford to visit the embassy so that is why i decided to contact you and i hope you will not betray my confidence in you . i have deposited the sum of u . s 40 . 3 million dollars with a security firm abroad whose name is witheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your account for safe keeping . this arrangement is known to you and my attorney alone , so my attorney will deal directly with you as security is up my whole being . the name of my attorney his giwe calorie . please honesty is the watch word in this transaction .
i will like you to provide me immediately the following information .
1 . full names
2 . contact address
3 . telephone and fax numbers
4 . location
so that we can commence communication immediately . in case you don ‘ t accept please don ‘ t let me out to the security . i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith . please expedite action . hajiawithyouu @ yahoo . com
sincerely yours
hajia maryam abacha
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / www . thexboxmafia . com