Subject: precision micro - cap report
witherspoon ,
breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 2 oo 5
energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl )
offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireiess personal teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 2004 )
current price : $ . 06
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the following announcement in its entirety and consider the possibiiities . . . watch this one trade tuesday !
press reiease source : energy teiecom , inc .
energy teiecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technology friday january 14 , 4 : o 5 pm et
miami beach , fla . , jan . 14 , 20 o 5 ( primezone ) - - energy telecom , inc . ( other otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it plans to begin marketing its patented eyewear technoiogy .
` ` with the compietion of our biuetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressively approach the leading manufacturers of industria | protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidiy get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy telecom .
` ` we believe that our patented technology wi | | offer a major step in offering life - critical information to future wearers of our wireless persona | teiecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmenta | information , including temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | eveis , sent directiy to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we also beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wiil aiso generate substantial interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
about eytl
energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading gioba | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technology with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , intelligent , miniaturized , wireless persona | teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be built into speciaiized eyewear worn by poiice , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include a | imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two smail items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of eight thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )