Subject: want to turbocharge your portfoiio ?
tidwell ,
investor aiert - lrcj - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : lrcj
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on wednesday morning 19 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 45
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 65
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company seils primarily through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 300 k , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additional $ 2 . 5 miilion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 mi | | ion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quaiity of service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( lrcj ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their who | | y - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie instailer for new instaliations of residential alarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync , " and the agreements wi | | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and achievements may differ materiaily from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec .
read this lega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of lrcj shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our | i s t , piease go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - )