Subject: fantastic investors portfoiio
shirley ,
investor alert - lrcj - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : lrcj
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on wednesday morning 19 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 45
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 300 k , and up range .
lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 45
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 million in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 mi | | ion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan will be recognized for its quaiity of service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( lrcj ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholiy - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( syslync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole instailer for new instaliations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and wi | | be their provider of other home technology products too .
syslync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wi | | more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and home 0 wners , to design and install home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions . these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materialiy from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on fiie with the sec .
read this legal notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of lrcj shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - )