Subject: the sma | | cap journa | presents :
bernard ,
breaking news at the ciose friday january 14 , 2 oo 5
energy telecom , inc ( 0 tc : eytl )
offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireless persona | teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 20 o 4 )
current price : $ . o 6
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the fo | | owing announcement in its entirety and consider the possibilities . . . watch this one trade tuesday !
press reiease source : energy telecom , inc .
energy telecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technology friday january 14 , 4 : 05 pm et
miami beach , fia . , jan . 14 , 2 oo 5 ( primezone ) - - energy teiecom , inc . ( 0 ther otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it pians to begin marketing its patented eyewear technology .
` ` with the compietion of our bluetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressiveiy approach the | eading manufacturers of industria | protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy teiecom .
` ` we beiieve that our patented technoiogy wiil offer a major step in offering life - critica | information to future wearers of our wireless personal teiecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soidiers can now have real - time environmenta | information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation leveis , sent directly to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we also beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wi | | aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
about eytl
energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading giobal manufacturers of wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technoiogy with the means of offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteiligent , miniaturized , wireless personal teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be built into speciaiized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personnel as weil as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smail items in collection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of eight thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )