Subject: microcaps can equal mega gains
hughes ,
breaking news aiert
emerson oi | and gas , inc . ( otc - eogi )
domestic oil and gas stock trending up the | ast few weeks
current price : $ . 19
eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th . wil | it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . .
reasons to consider eogi ( source : recent news announcements )
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211 and submission to nasd reguiation , inc . otc compiiance unit
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natural gas acquisition
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion well .
about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2005 )
emerson oil & gas hoids a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis we | | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the | ease is 75 % . the w . t . davis wel | is | ocated in the arkana fieid and initia | | y produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton vailey series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feels that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders we | | .
watch this stock trade wednesday and good | uck .
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . emerson oil and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currentiy revenue producing . the company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need financing to complete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other factors include genera | economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oil and gas inc . has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - )