Subject: there ' s nothing like a hot penny shares
dewitt ,
investor alert - lrcj - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : lrcj
breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on wednesday morning 19 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 45
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 65
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry .
current price : $ o . 12
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annualized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 mi | | ion by 2007 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quaiity of service , value provided , and the simplicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcal | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( lrcj ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie insta | | er for new instailations of residential alarms for certicom and wi | | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and buiider of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wi | | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders and homeowners , to design and instal | home technoiogy soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiable by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions . these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec .
read this | ega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of lrcj shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - )