Subject: littie sharess can mean dollars for you
investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch
out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 2 oth of january .
current price : $ 0 . 10
did your portfolio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wi | | it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
buiiding homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of deveioping its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ o . 10
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has
annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an
additional $ 2 . 5 mi | | ion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 5 o - 75 miliion by 2007 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quality of
service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcal | via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their whoily - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has
compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of
home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie
insta | | er for new insta | | ations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and
will be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and buiider of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wiil more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wi | | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technology solutions provider that
offers builders and home 0 wners a singie source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with builders
and homeowners , to design and instal | home technology soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s lifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
generaily identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions .
these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and
achievements may differ materialiy from the results , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec .
read this | ega | notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from
those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid
$ 1956 o from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our
express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here
( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - )