Subject: stocks in play
investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch
out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 20 th of january .
current price : $ o . 1 o
did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wi | | it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primarily through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ o . 1 o
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has
annuaiized revenues of $ 50 ok and is expected to doubie its monthly
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an
additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of
$ 5 o - 75 miliion by 20 o 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quality of
service , vaiue provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their who | | y - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has
completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole
insta | | er for new insta | | ations of residential aiarms for certicom and
wiil be their provider of other home technology products too .
syslync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technoiogy products and services for atianta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wil | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders
and homeowners , to design and install home technoiogy soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
generally identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions .
these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and
achievements may differ materialiy from the resuits , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form
10 - ksb on file with the sec .
read this lega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises ail readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are
cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materiaily from
those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid
$ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our | i s t , please go here
( - stocksolution 2005 @ yahoo . com - )