Subject: from : calibale family
from : calibale family
( unhcr ) camp porto - novo
benin republic
email : traore @ zoznam . sk
email : traorecali @ go 4 . it
dear sir
your contact was reviewed after a careful search on the net and devoted
prayer session to our divine redeemer
who can only strenghting your resolve to help us out .
we are the immediate family of late col ibrahim calibale , the rebel
commander in ivory coast that was killed in bouake county on
7 / 02 / 2004 .
i with my mother and two sisters escaped into porto - novo benin
republic
after the incident when it became clear that the central government
abidjan wanted us eliminated by all means . presently we staying
with united nations high commission for refugee ( unhcr ) here for
security reasons . just last week we received some vital information
and copies of documents from his lawyer back home proving that
our father had some deposit in a security company in spain . now
we have opened up communication with the spanish company and they
have confirmed been in position of some united states dollars eleven million
three hundred thousand ( usd $
11 . 300 , 000 ) only in his favor and have agreed to releasing same
upon our request but not until provide valid proof as his next of kin .
now for the fact that none of us here possessed any valid traveling
documents because of the circumstances of our exit from home , we
are afraid that we will run into trouble if we request for the
repatriation
of the deposit to this place , hence we are kindly requesting your
assistance to help us receive the deposit in your country . we are
ready to offer you some reasonable portions of the deposit if you
can oblige us your help .
further information will be advance to you once you indicate your
interest . please send your reply through email account : traore @ zoznam . sk
yours faithful
traore
tel : 229 882147
? s? listo ! contrata el antivirus http : / / www . pandasoftware . es / tienda / ? idpers = 109 & track = 13920