Subject: the investor communiqu ?
investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday - watch
out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january .
current price : $ o . 13
did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . will it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 13
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has
annualized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an
additional $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 5 o - 75 miilion by 2007 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quaiity of
service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their whoily - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has
compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole
instalier for new installations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and
wil | be their provider of other home technology products too .
sysiync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and buiider of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than doubie the homes we touch
throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitability . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that
offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders
and home 0 wners , to design and install home technoiogy soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
generaily identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions .
these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and
achievements may differ materia | | y from the resuits , performance , and
achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form
10 - ksb on file with the sec .
read this lega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from
those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our | i s t , please go here
( - stockspromoter @ yahoo . com - )