Subject: investor ' s insight
investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday - watch
out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january .
current price : $ o . 13
did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wi | | it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company se | | s primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an early stage company in the process of deveioping its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 13
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has
annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an
additiona | $ 2 . 5 mi | | ion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 50 - 75 miilion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quality of
service , vaiue provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholly - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( syslync ) has
completed an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residential
accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the soie
installer for new instaliations of residential aiarms for certicom and
wil | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync aiso announced today that they were seiected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and buiider of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wi | | more than doubie the homes we touch
throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that
offers buiiders and home 0 wners a singie source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with builders
and homeowners , to design and install home technoiogy solutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - | 00 king
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are
generally identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions .
these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and
achievements may differ materiaily from the results , performance , and
achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form
10 - ksb on fiie with the sec .
read this lega | notes before you do anything else :
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of l r c j
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materialiy from
those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid
$ 1956 o from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our
express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our l i s t , piease go here
( - stocksmarketer @ yahoo . com - )