Subject: flying under the radar with stealth stocks
investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday - watch
out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january .
current price : $ o . 13
did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . will it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of deveioping its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ 0 . 13
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has
annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an
additional $ 2 . 5 miilion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of
$ 5 o - 75 mi | | ion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quaiity of
service , vaiue provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholiy - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has
completed an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of
home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole
instailer for new insta | | ations of residentia | alarms for certicom and
wi | | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
" these two agreements will more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wi | | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that
offers buiiders and home 0 wners a singie source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders
and home 0 wners , to design and install home technoiogy soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are
generaily identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions .
these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and
achievements may differ materialiy from the resuits , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form
10 - ksb on file with the sec .
read this lega | notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materia | | y from
those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid
$ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our
express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our l i s t , piease go here
( - stockspromoter @ yahoo . com - )