Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? i = 20 need = 20 you = 20 with = 20 trust = 2 e ? =
dear friend ,
with good faith i have come to you about this legitimate business of mine ,
but i must first introduce myself to you .
i am uche amazi . the manager credit and account department of apex global
trust and finance security company " agtfsc " lagos nigeria .
i am writing in a respect of unclaimed deposit belonging to a foreigner ,
late mr . arthur smith of america , with account # agtfsc / 1001 / 44986 - 00 / tg .
who perished on the plan crash of 31 st of october , 1999 with egyptian airline
990 with other passengers aboard . since the demise of smith , i personally
have watched with kin interest to see any next of kin or beneficiary to
this deposit but no one has come up for the claim of usd $ 14 . 5 m ( fourteen
million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) has being in our security
vault for a very long time . on this note , i decided to seek for your noble
assistance to help me come for the release and transfer of this fund into
any of your nominated bank account abroad , in the sense to make you the
beneficiary to this unclaimed deposit . as no one both friends and relatives
has come up as the next of kin to this deposit and our banking ethnics here
does not allow such deposit to stay more than five years , because after
five years the money will be confiscated into the nations treasury as an
unclaimed deposit .
in view of this , i got your contact in my country ' s trade journal after
which i was convinced to contact you and introduce this business with you
as a foreigner . the request of the foreigner as a next of kin in this business
is occassioned by the fact that , the customer was a foreigner and a nigeria
can not stand as the next of kin to a foreigner . i have agreed to share
this money with you in the mutual understanding of 65 % / 35 % . you keep 35 %
while i keep 65 % , how about that ? thereafter i will visit your country for
mutual sharing between both of us . bear in mind also that i would like to
invest my own part of the share in your country . as i am almost due for
retirement . for us to proceed towards this transaction , you have to send
an application text to the security company as the next of kin to their
deceased customer .
i will send to you a text of application which you shall re - type and send
to the finance house , upon your response to this mail . i will not fail to
bring to your notice that this business is hitch free and that you should
not entertain any fear as the whole required arrangment has been perfected
for the successfull claim and transfer of this fund .
don ' t forget to keep this transaction a top confidential untill we achieve
our goal . thank you and god bless you . waiting for your positive response .
best regards ,
uche amazi .
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br