Subject: investor ' s insight
investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch
out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current price : $ o . 12
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 6 o
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company seils primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
buiiding homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has
annualized revenues of $ 50 ok and is expected to double its monthly
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an
additional $ 2 . 5 mi | | ion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of
$ 50 - 75 miliion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quaiity of
service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their whoily - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has
completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of
home and commercia | security systems , to service their residential
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole
instalier for new insta | | ations of residential aiarms for certicom and
wiil be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
syslync aiso announced today that they were seiected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
" these two agreements wiil more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync ,
" and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitability . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders
and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technoiogy solutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
genera | | y identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions .
these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and
achievements may differ materially from the resuits , performance , and
achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form
10 - ksb on fiie with the sec .
read this legal notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises ail readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from
those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid
$ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , please gohere
( - stocksolution 2005 @ yahoo . com - )