Subject: put this smalicap on your watch sheet
investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j
breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch
out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current price : $ o . 12
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 6 o
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company se | | s primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
buiiding homes in the $ 300 k , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of deveioping its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology
companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has
annualized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wil | add an
additional $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 5 o - 75 million by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quaiity of
service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholly - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has
compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residential
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie
instailer for new installations of residential alarms for certicom and
wil | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
syslync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technoiogy products and services for atianta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements will more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wil | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders
and homeowners , to design and install home technology soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are
genera | | y identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions .
these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and
achievements may differ materialiy from the results , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec .
read this lega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from
those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
$ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - )