Subject: our hot picks triple on excellent bounce
hot otc stock picks
our hot picks were up over 300 % for 2004
here is our first hot pick for 2005
subscribers , investors , analysts , stock brokers :
urgent stock breakout alert
american idc corp . otc : acni
price : . 04
target : . 20 in 7 days
major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv ,
technologically superior to aol tv clips and movie trailers .
investors brace for worldwide revenue explosion .
without hype or fanfare , acni has not only put itself on top of
the list for revolutionary internet success stories , it has
completely re - written the qualifying criteria . acni has completed
the worldwide launch of its revolutionary broadband internet
television , solidifying explosive revenues for this proprietary
video technology powerhouse . while most investors are completely
unaware of this significant achievement , that will change very
quickly .
acni is positioned much like today ' s cable tv giants that invested
heavily in their technology over 20 years ago and are now earning
a thousand times over what was initially spent each year from their
current subscribers .
the driving force behind acni ' s technology that enables streaming
24 / 7 broadband internet television , by comparison , is more highly
sophisticated than the partial movie trailers or 15 - second clips
from " top tv moments " shown by aol to subscribers . combine the
fact that acni is continuously providing thousands of revenue
generating hollywood classic movies , with expanding content of
sports , music , educational , television series , and children ' s
programming , clearly provides a superior cutting - edge advantage
keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing sector
of the internet .
acni ' s programming through its 100 % company - owned network ,
e - tvhollywood , is the first full - screen broadband digital
streaming channel on the internet in high - definition ( hd )
quality .
the technological breakthrough that supplies the groundwork for
record setting multi - millions for acni is powered by mpeg 2 using
movie industry code which allows for the necessary transcoding
into video for broadband .
acni is the perfect play for explosive short - term gains with a
small float estimated at under 20 million shares and a market
value at around $ 1 . 5 million . we expect massive block buying with
record setting price and volume breakouts . we are advising urgent
accumulation by our subscribers as huge news is due to be released
that will send share prices soaring .
required acni information : hot otc stock picks is an independent
newsletter with the goal of giving investors the necessary
knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions .
this publication does not provide an analysis of the company ' s
financial position and is not an offer to buy or sell securities .
investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is
recommended that any investment should be made after consulting
with your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial
statements of the company . hot otc stock picks presents information
in this online report believed to be reliable , but its accuracy
cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future
results . hot otc stock picks received fifteen thousand dollars from
an unaffiliated third party with respect to the preparation of this
special online report as an effort to build investor awareness for
american idc corp . the information reported herein contains
future - looking statements and information within the meaning of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding
expected continual growth of the featured company . future - looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates , and projections
at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks
and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ
materially from those presently anticipated .