Subject: investors , microcap profiie for you
investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch
out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january .
current price : $ o . 12
current price : $ o . 12
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 6 o
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has
annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to double its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an
additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 5 o - 75 million by 20 o 7 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quality of
service , value provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholly - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has
compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole
installer for new instaliations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and
wil | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than doubie the homes we touch
throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync ,
" and the agreements wi | | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitability . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders
and homeowners , to design and instail home technology soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | 00 king
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
genera | | y identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions .
these forward - looking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and
achievements may differ materia | | y from the results , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on fiie with the sec .
read this | ega | notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of l r c j
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are
cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from
those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our
express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , piease gohere
( - stockpromoter 2005 @ yahoo . com - )