Subject: great investors portfoiio
mnei - the best smail cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wil | see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
miilenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , clear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc loca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
news > > > . . miliennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wil | see why )
mi | | ennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while millennium nationa | events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you look at | evel 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - millennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both loca | deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mca | | ister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miilennium sees the match point acquisition ultimateiy being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the international television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miliennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambi | | and james biake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo melio ( brazil ) . the tournament sti | | holds two wildcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - )