Subject: unbeiievabie investors alert
mnei - the best smal | cap stock in 2005 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you will see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samue | adams , clear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . mi | | ennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wi | | see why )
miilennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the world of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns , partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar includes events with img , clear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wi | | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miliennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miliennium internationa | tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both | ocal deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we couid be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mca | | ister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation is the key , not only to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of each individua | event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the match point acquisition uitimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 50 o as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miliennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambil | and james biake . aiso entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament sti | | hoids two wiidcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - )