Subject: are you a penny stox player ?
mnei - the best smail cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you will see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
mi | | ennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
miilenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , ciear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc local affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . millennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the mi | | ennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is reaily possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currentiy transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partially or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado , california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while mi | | ennium nationa | events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you will see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miilennium nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire al | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium eariier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basicaily we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mcaliister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but also to the success of each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miilennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo me | | o ( brazil ) . the tournament stiil holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this | ega | info
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , please gohere
( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - )