Subject: wil | this stock be a " super nova ? "
mnei - the best smal | cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you wi | | see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
miilennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | oca | affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
news > > > . . miilennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miilennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you will see why )
millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado , california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while miliennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming calendar includes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - mi | | ennium national events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium internationa | tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both | ocal deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcallister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of each individua | event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miliennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambi | | and james blake . aiso entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time mi | | ennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo me | | o ( brazil ) . the tournament still hoids two wildcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 5260 o from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stoxmarketer @ yahoo . com - )