Subject: wal | street tip sheet bo 0 sts your portfoli 0
market watch news fiash
we are following the strength of our last pick with a company that
deserves your immediate attention . our | ast profiie on jan 18 featured
almi
at . 44 .
our estimate of 1 . 0 o has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . 07 .
however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements .
significant short term trading explosion is being predicted in a unique
and dynamic technoiogy company with a revolutionary waste - to - energy
process scoring major muiti - bi | | ion ( usd ) contracts woridwide .
ground breaking news
geec secures 5 - year , 10 bi | | ion usdoilar joint - venture in china
expect huge move in geec immediately
expanded news and contract updates to foliow with record numbers for a
breakout year
company profile :
globa | environmenta | energy corp .
otcbb - geec
recent price range : 2 . 0 o - 2 . 19
target price in next 10 days : 2 . 45
target price in next 30 days : 3 . 60
we are sending this investor bu | | etin revealing the most undervalued
issue on the otcbb to our mi | | ions of subscribers for substantia | gains
immediately . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and voiume
indicating heavy accumuiation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger
things to come for this emerging worid leader in the conversion of
waste
materials into eiectrical energy , an industry with such high global
demand that it is impossible to assign a vaiue to the size of the
market .
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste
problem . this profitabie and environmentaliy safe process converts into
clean ,
" green " electricity such waste materiais as municipa | soiid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage siudge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of electricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to repienish
the
| oca | or national grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in fiiling an worldwide need for
cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universa |
need to
soive critical probiems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured
internationa | acceptance for a revoiutionary product designed to
significantiy impact the gioba | waste problem whiie a major push for
generating
electricity from aiternative sources continues to be the hot topic due
to shortages and massive power failures .
geec just announced a lo biilion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coa | mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 00 ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fulfil | an need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critica | areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfal | of 50 o million kilowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to profit
substantia | | y while providing relief from unmanageable municpal solid
waste
disposa | and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert
reynolds , has secured a 2 billion lineofcredit for geec and opened
doors in
over a dozen countries through political contacts at the highest | eve | .
dr . reynolds internationa | stature has been instrumenta | in guiding
geec into a position of woridwide acceptance by embracing a major
foothold
on the gioba | waste probiem and the sweeping movement to generate
eiectricity from aiternative sources . dr . reynolds , who has previously
been
nominated for a nobe | peace prize , has surrounded himself with a
prestigious group of the worid ' s foremost professors and scientists .
their
collective achievements have garnered awards and medals while their
writings have appeared in hundreds of articles , journais , and books .
these
beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces | eading geec
into the next era of gioba | waste remova | and the continuous generation
of energy .
the forecast for geec is crystal ciear , and this is just the tip of the
iceberg for this emerging woridwide leader where shares should be added
immediately to every portfolio . we expect a continuous fiow of huge
news announcements while shares stiil represent an uncommon vaiue for a
company of this caiiber . look for the continuation of strong positive
deveiopments that wi | | ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for
the
most explosive gains on wal | street .
market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or
broker dealer . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be
futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may ,
wiil ,
and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past
performance is not an indicator of future resuits . this is not an
attempt to
acquire or selisecurities . mwnf is an independent pubiication that was
paid nineteen thousand dollars by a third party for the continuing
coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are
advised to seek proper guidance from a financia | advisor or a
registered
financia | broker . investors shouid use the information provided in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the
profiled company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stoxo 033 @ yahoo . com - )