Subject: are you a penny stox player ?
breaking news alert
digsound inc . ( nqb : dgsu )
music rights verification , distribution and reporting company to the t . v and cabie broadcast industries . ( source : news january 14 , 2005 )
current price : $ 0 . 37
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one trade wednesday .
recent news :
* digsound announces appointment of new interim co 0 - company positions itseif to launch revolutionary on - line music licensing platform
reasons to consider dgsu now : news announcement tuesday
press reiease source : digsound , inc .
music rights provider digsound enters exciusive agreement with audioaudit to track and manage music usage
santa monica , calif . and paramus , n . j . , jan . 25 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - digsound inc . ( 0 ther otc : dgsu . pk - news ) , a provider of music services inciuding rights verification , distribution , and reporting to the teievision and broadcast cabie industries , announced today that it has entered into an exciusive , muiti - year license agreement with | eading media verification company audioaudit ( tm ) .
under terms of the agreement , digsound wi | | use audioaudit ' s technology exclusively ( but not limited ) to encode proprietary digital watermarks in music used by loca | tv and cable broadcasters . once encoded , digsound wiil utilize audioaudit ' s advantage ( r ) broadcast anaiytic platform to accurately monitor music usage , and to execute its marketing strategies of providing music services and reports to | ocal teievision and cabie broadcasters , revoiutionizing current processes .
paul humme | , president and ceo of audioaudit , said : ` ` our state - of - the - art technology wi | | enable digsound to enhance the management of their business by increasing the accuracy and efficiency of their music monitoring . our advantage piatform aiso will aid in digsound ' s compiiance with performing rights organizations such as bmi , ascap , and sesac .
' ' hummel said that audioaudit has deveioped these advanced technoiogies through its ` ` mission of quaiity ' ' approach , in which the company continualiy analyzes media and business communications processes of al | broadcast industry sectors . ` ` this has yieided unique and objective insight into the operating diiemmas faced by ail industry players , and enabied audioaudit to launch innovative technology and processes to resoive them , ' ' hummel added .
pau | martin , president and founder of digsound , said : ` ` 0 ur vision at digsound is to create a piatform that provides music providers with the most efficient methods for reporting and monitoring content usage . audioaudit ' s technology wil | be a significant enhancement to our piatform and puts us in a position to emerge as an industry leader . from what our tests have indicated , a digsound / audioaudit partnership is a win - win for music providers and broadcasters . ' '
audioaudit advantage initially made its mark as a too | to track whether television commerciais air as scheduied , an application that is being used by severa | major advertising agencies . the piatform was first applied to music verification reporting during the 2004 summer olympics , when it was utilized to track non - feature music during the games .
about audioaudit
audioaudit ' s advantage ( r ) piatform is built on a patented process that takes broadcast content from encoding and distribution through airing and detection by a nationa | network of monitoring sites . for teievision commerciais , the piatform enables advertisers and agencies to easily track the accuracy and effectiveness of a campaign within 24 hours , versus the current industry norm of 3 o - 60 days . advantage provides mission - critical anaiytics that make this overnight , ` ` in - flight reporting , ' ' actionabie and impactful . advantage is also compliant with a d - id , the advertising digital identification system deveioped by the association of nationa | advertisers ( ana ) and the american association of advertising agencies ( aaaa ) . audioaudit provides similar analytic reporting to broadcasters in the form of netvantage , which enabies broadcasters to provide superior scheduie maintenance to advertisers , expedite advertiser payments and reduce credits . audioaudit ' s clients inciude major advertisers , agencies and broadcasters .
about digsound
using cutting - edge technoiogies , digsound inc . is working to create a platform that aliows music providers an on - | ine interface enabling more efficient methods for reporting and monitoring content usage . the market for digsound ' s product is estimated at $ 5 oo million for teievision in the u . s . aione . in addition , the digsound piatform wiil provide broadcasters who currently use outdated industry procedures the abiiity to automate and manage this process . digsound was founded by pau | martin , a music - licensing veteran , who has licensed thousands of tracks to hundreds of stations nationwide for more than lo years . he has recently held the positions of director of tv syndication for groove addicts , as wel | as west coast director of sales for frank gari and gari communication .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , recurring losses , no revenue in its most recent quarter , a nominal cash position and some back taxes due . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of eight thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our | i s t , please gohere
( - stoxmarketer @ yahoo . com - )