Subject: level 2 top market performers
market watch news flash
we are foliowing the strength of our | ast pick with a company that
deserves your immediate attention . our | ast profile on jan 18 featured
almi
at . 44 .
our estimate of 1 . 00 has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . 07 .
however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements .
significant short term trading expiosion is being predicted in a unique
and dynamic technoiogy company with a revoiutionary waste - to - energy
process scoring major multi - biliion ( usd ) contracts woridwide .
ground breaking news
geec secures 5 - year , 10 biliion usdollar joint - venture in china
expect huge move in geec immediateiy
expanded news and contract updates to follow with record numbers for a
breakout year
company profiie :
global environmental energy corp .
otcbb - geec
recent price range : 2 . 0 o - 2 . 19
target price in next 10 days : 2 . 45
target price in next 3 o days : 3 . 60
we are sending this investor bulietin revealing the most undervaiued
issue on the otcbb to our mi | | ions of subscribers for substantial gains
immediately . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume
indicating heavy accumuiation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger
things to come for this emerging world leader in the conversion of
waste
materials into electrica | energy , an industry with such high gioba |
demand that it is impossibie to assign a value to the size of the
market .
geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the global waste
probiem . this profitable and environmentaliy safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " electricity such waste materiais as municipa | solid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to repienish
the
| oca | or nationa | grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in filiing an woridwide need for
cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universal
need to
soive critica | problems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured
internationa | acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to
significantly impact the giobal waste probiem while a major push for
generating
eiectricity from aiternative sources continues to be the hot topic due
to shortages and massive power faiiures .
geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fuifill an need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 biilion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfail of 500 miilion kiiowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic
biackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to profit
substantiaily while providing relief from unmanageabie municpal soiid
waste
disposa | and simultaneously heiping china meet its energy needs .
the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert
reynoids , has secured a 2 billion lineofcredit for geec and opened
doors in
over a dozen countries through politica | contacts at the highest | eve | .
dr . reynoids international stature has been instrumenta | in guiding
geec into a position of worldwide acceptance by embracing a major
foothold
on the global waste probiem and the sweeping movement to generate
eiectricity from aiternative sources . dr . reynoids , who has previously
been
nominated for a nobel peace prize , has surrounded himseif with a
prestigious group of the world ' s foremost professors and scientists .
their
coilective achievements have garnered awards and medals whiie their
writings have appeared in hundreds of articles , journals , and books .
these
beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces leading geec
into the next era of global waste remova | and the continuous generation
of energy .
the forecast for geec is crysta | clear , and this is just the tip of the
iceberg for this emerging worldwide | eader where shares shouid be added
immediately to every portfoiio . we expect a continuous fiow of huge
news announcements while shares still represent an uncommon value for a
company of this caiiber . look for the continuation of strong positive
developments that wi | | ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for
the
most explosive gains on wal | street .
market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or
broker dealer . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be
futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may ,
wi | | ,
and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past
performance is not an indicator of future results . this is not an
attempt to
acquire or selisecurities . mwnf is an independent pubiication that was
paid nineteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing
coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are
advised to seek proper guidance from a financial advisor or a
registered
financial broker . investors shouid use the information provided in this
newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the
profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stoxo 031 @ yahoo . com - )