Subject: from mr . james c oko .
dear , sir / mam ,
first , i must apologize if my mode of first contact is not acceptable to
you and also solicit your confidence in this transaction ; this is by virtue
of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know
that a transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried ,
but i am assuring you that you do have anything to worry as i have perfected
every arrangement with my colleague .
i have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as
i am aware of the high sense of responsibility placed on you and believe
in your discreetness and ability to handle transaction of this nature . let
me start by introducing myself properly to you .
i am mr . james . c . oko ( chief executive officer ) of moderne asset discount
and management dakar - senegal . i came to know and pick on you in my private
search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction ,
which involves the appropriation and transfer of certain amount of money
to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence .
please the objective of this letter is to first ascertain your sincerity
after your perusal of this proposition , reason being i lost a lot of money
through a similar transaction in the past being that a trusted partner from
switerland disappeared into tiny air after i transaferred to his custody
a huge amount of money . and i have learnt my lession . please assure me of
this in your reply .
the proposition :
a foreigner from canada , late engr . john venema ( snr . ) a precious stone
( diamond ) merchant with the unita rebel movement of angola , until his death
in august the year 2000 , used our services as his fiduciary agent and account
trustees and had a closing balance as at the end of september , 2000 worth
us $ 42 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( forty two million united states dollars only ) , our firm
now expects a next of kin as beneficiary . valuable efforts are being made
by this firm to get in touch with any of the venema ' s family or relatives
but to no success since then .
it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any
of late engr . john venema ( snr . ) ' s next of kin ( he had no wife or children
that is known to us ) . the management under the influence of our chairman
and few influencial members of the board of directors , has instructed that
arrangement be made for the fund to be declared " unclaimed " and subsequently
be donated to yet to be specified trust fund . i strongly believe the chairman
might be up to something funny with his group .
in order to avert this development that will not take care of my interest ,
one of my trusted colleague and i who are anticipating interest now seek
your permission to have you stand as the next of kin to late engr . john
venema ( snr . ) so that the fund us $ 42 , 000 , 000 . 00 will be released and paid
into your account as the beneficiary ' s next of kin . all documents and proofs
to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out .
we have secured from the probate an order of mandamus suspending declaring
the money as unclaimed with limited time to locate any of the deceased beneficiary ' s
next of kin , and moreso we are assuring you that this business is 100 % risk
free involvement .
your share stays while the rest be for myself and my colleague for investment
purposes , according to the agreement we shall reach mutually . as soon as
we receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message in acceptance of
our mutual business proposal , we would furnish you with the two options / modalities
we have carefully perfected for you to choose from with our insider information
depending on your convenience to accomplish the project and disbursement
ratio to suit both parties without any conflict .
if this proposal is acceptable by you , please do not make undue advantage
of the trust we are to bestow on you , your early response to this matter
is needed and i expect you to send your reply only to my private email address : jamescokool @ netscape . net .
thanks and god bless .
best regards ,
mr . james . c . oko - chief executive officer moderne asset discount and
management , dakar - senegal .
private email address : jamescokool @ netscape . net .
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /