Subject: urgent information .
from the office of :
marcus dafe :
department of foreign operations :
union bank nigeria plc :
dear sir / ma ,
my name is dr marcus dafe , and i work in the international operation
department of union bank here in nigeria . on a routine
inspection i discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a bal . of ( $
25 , 000 . 000 usd ) twenty five million united states dollars ) on further
discreet investigation , i also discovered that the account holder has
long since passed away ( dead ) leaving no beneficiary to the account .
i decided to seek ways through which to transfer this money out of the
bank and out the country too .
the bank will approve this money to any foreigner because the former
operator of the a / c is a foreigner and from iraq in particular and i am
certainly sure that he is dead , and nobody will come again for the
claim
of this money a foreigner can only claim this money with legal claims
to the account holder ; therefore i need your cooperation in this
transaction .
i will provide the necessary information needed in order to claim this
money , but you will need to open an account where this can be
transferred .
if interested send your private telephone no . and fax number including
full details of the account to be used for the deposit i wish for
utmost confidentiality in handling this transaction as my job and the
future
of my family would be jeopardized if it were breached .
i want to assure you that the transaction is without risk if due
process is followed accordingly . finally i will give you 25 % for your
corporation .
i will please wish you keep this transaction secrect as i am hoping to
retire with my share of this money at the end of the transaction which
will be when this money is safely in your account .
you might even have to advise me on possiblities of investment in your
country or elsewhere of our choice .
reply me immediately to enable me proceed with you . ( marcusdafe @ yahoo . co . in . )
yours ,
dr marcus dafe .
con terra mail obtienes 6 mb de espacio adem?s de bloqueo antispam
http : / / terramail . terra . com . mx / terramail /
acceso a internet 3 x 1 , desde ? $ 179 pesos al mes !
encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles ! !
aprovecha nuestra promoci?n a 12 pagos sin intereses con banamex y bancomer
http : / / www . decompras . com /