Subject: platinum shares report
mnei - the best small cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie
and the news of this company and you will see for yourself
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , clear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
| oca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . mi | | ennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wil | see why )
miliennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the world of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns ,
partially or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while miliennium national
events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miliennium
national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
millennium international tennis tournament .
millennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both local deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , "
said robert mcallister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not only to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of
each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimateiy being abie to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miliennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambil | and james biake . aiso entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time
mi | | ennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo me | | o ( brazi | ) . the tournament sti | | hoids two wildcards that can
be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this | ega | info
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 5260 o from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our
express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our | i s t , please gohere
( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - )