Subject: do you play penny sharess ?
mnei - the best sma | | cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profile
and the news of this company and you will see for yourself
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
miilenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channe |
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
| oca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . mi | | ennium national events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy possibe ( if you look at | evel 2 you wi | | see why )
mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns ,
partiaily or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , including sports and music . while miliennium national
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is rea | | y possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miliennium
nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miilennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miliennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both loca | deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . " basicaliy we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve
we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , "
said robert mcallister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of
each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being abie to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcallister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | mi | | ennium itc inciudes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambil | and james blake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time
millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo melio ( brazil ) . the tournament stiil hoids two wiidcards that can
be offered to other top players in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materiaily from those
set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid
$ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxo 005 @ yahoo . com - )