Subject: strong buy alert > > otc : feky ( full profile )
this email is being sent to bait @ em . ca
otc live is unveling its new stock pick of the month ( otc : feky )
with their new fingerprinting technology and new access code technology , we believe feky is poised for higher growth and sales , as the homeland security and corporations will spend on new infostructure to secure and define their buisness .
otc : feky
facekey corp
current price : $ 0 . 54
shares outstanding : 107 mm
full profile : http : / / www . otclive . com / feky . htm
web page : www . facekey . com
= = = = = = = = = =
background
= = = = = = = = = =
facekey ™ corporation of san antonio , tx , a texas corporation , is the developer of a new generation of access control and time and attendance products . these products utilize the newest biometric technologies and the best of the traditional card based technologies . all the products are designed to be compatible with the existing computer networks common in business today .
the open architecture ensures that the system is easily scalable ; easily customized so that new modules and features can be added ; and that the system can be quickly and easily installed .
facekey ™ corporation products featuring face recognition are based upon the landmark patent for security using face recognition .
product images : http : / / www . facekey . com / section / products /
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
corporate snapshot :
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
· facekey ' s combination of face and fingerprint recognition technology comprises of 60 % of the entire biometrics market which is predicted to grow to $ 4 . 8 billion by 2008
· facekey possesses a strong ip portfolio consisting of one issued patent and several patent pending biometric applications
· facekey ' s diversification into both public and private sectors to increase market share potential
· facekey ' s ability to reduce administrative costs associated with use of cards , pin numbers and passwords
· facekey has funded operations to date with a negligable amount of debt providing strong fundamental value
· facekey ' s access control products are easily integrated with current software and hardware technologies
= = = = = = = = = =
technology
= = = = = = = = = =
access control : our products use fingerprint recognition or card reader applications for access security . in certain applications the combination of fingerprint and card readers may be appropriate . for ultra secure or dual control areas , two biometric technologies are combined : fingerprint and face recognition to ensure maximum speed and unerring accuracy .
time and attendance : clocking in and clocking out will be fraud and error free when facekey ’ s time and attendance products are used to rapidly identify and authenticate personnel . the systems are available in fingerprint reader versions , card reader versions or combinations where appropriate .
facekey ™ has combined the best features of face and fingerprint recognition technologies in such a manner that large enterprises with multiple locations can be served with biometric only products .
our standard access control system based upon the facekey ™ core technologies is the first and only enterprise class , fully integrated , biometric only access control solution on the market .
= = = = = = = =
benefits
= = = = = = = =
facekey products offer many benefits :
employee accountability
- reduced fraud and errors
safety control
- of property
- of facilities and assets
convenience
- no cards , keys or pin numbers to lose
increased productivity
- reduced admin costs
- longer lived systems
- reduction of errors and fraud
- no ongoing card cost for replacement or additions
our lives changed considerably after 9 / 11 and we as a country and around the world had to come to a realization that we were living amongst evils far beyond our cognitive imaginations . from the beheadings in iraq to the madrid train bombings we live in an age of international terrorism and no country is free from the threat . therefore in an effort to safeguard us against such threats , biometrics which by definition is the branch of biology that studies biological phenomena and observations by means of statistical analysis ( merriam webster ' s dictionary 10 th edition ) , has become an integral part of our daily existance . in lamens terms biometric products typically use details of an individual ’ s unique physical features — facial , eye or fingerprint patterns — to substantiate their identity .
one such company that appears to be at the forefront of this industry is facekey corp . trading on the otc under the ticker symbol " feky " . headquartered in san antonio texas , this biometric company provides ' next generation ' security measures to governments and corporations utilizing patented and propietary technology that identify and allow access to personal . the company combines face and fingerprint recognition technology which can be used in both the public and private sectors . by combining face and fingerprint recognition technology , facekeys products can be used for a wide variety of applications . coo annete starkweather exclaims " by effectively combining both fingerprint and facial recognition , facekey is targeting the two largest revenue producing areas in the biometrics industry today
while establishing patented technology to forge the future of biometric applications " .
according to the international biometrics group ( ibg ) , an independent market research firm , the total biometrics market was $ 730 million in 2003 . of that , automated fingerprint identification systems ( afis ) claimed a 43 % market share and other fingerprint biometric solutions were a further 27 % for a total 70 % which is $ 511 million of the total biometric market for 2003 . afis is expected to remain the most accepted form of biometric identification due to large , established , historical databases in use internationally by law enforcement and border control . ibg anticipates that total fingerprint biometrics will claim over 53 % of the 2008 estimated market at a value of $ 2 . 6 billion totaling an average growth rate of 40 % for the projected period . facial recognition according to ibg is second
behind fingerprint technology in revenues and has a staggering 74 % estimated growth rate over the next 4 years . coincidently facial and fingerprint recognition as dicussed above make up of the core concentration of facekey ' s biometric technology base . ibg projects biometrics to grow to approximately $ 4 . 8 billion by 2008 .
currently , the biometric industry is in its early stages of growth but we believe government initiatives will act as a major catalyst towards global industry growth . for example on january 5 th of this year the u . s . - visitor and immigrant status indicator technology was implemented at 115 airports and 14 ship terminals , requiring u . s . customs officials to digitally photograph and fingerprint visa - carrying foreign nationals . data is compared against a government database of possible terrorists and people with criminal histories ( source : msnbc , roland jones 1 / 20 / 04 ) . citing another example the u . s . government is spending $ 25 million this fiscal year to road test a universal secure identity card loaded with biometric and personal data and tied to government " watch lists . " the card , known as the
transportation worker identity credential ( twic ) , will allow workers at the nation ' s railways , ports , mass transit agencies and airports to carry a single card to access secure areas within these facilities ( source : msnbc brock meeks 12 / 10 / 04 ) .
although we have focused alot of our discussion on biometrics and its impact on terrorism there is another area of focus that we have neglected here and that is occupational fraud . based on 2004 report findings by the association of certified fraud examiners ( acfe ) , the typical organization loses 6 percent of its annual revenues to occupational fraud . if multiplied by the u . s . gdp , which in 2003 was just under $ 11 trillion , it would translate into $ 660 billion in annual fraud losses . this is why facekey through its facial and fingerprint recognition technologies is also continuing to focus its efforts on combatting fraud . in a recent nationwide survey by authentic inc , a majority of u . s . consumers are willing to pay a premium to add fingerprint biometrics to their electronic devices - such
as pcs and cell phones - to help make their life easier and more secure . the scientific survey of more than 2 , 000 adults , sponsored by biometrics leader authentec , shows that 63 percent of consumers would pay extra to add fingerprint biometrics to their pc and notebook computers , while 71 percent would pay more for this feature in their cellular phones . most consumers said they would use the technology to replace their pc and internet passwords , as well as to help transform their cell phones into their personal wallets to conduct m - commerce and wireless banking . " the survey shows that biometric sensors are a huge growth area . we are at the infancy of what will be a very large growth curve , heading toward biometric sensing devices becoming an important feature in consumer electronics , " said gary
shapiro , president and ceo of the consumer electronics association .
facekey currently offers three primary access control products which serve to increase security and reduce costs .
· standard biometric access control system : uses fingerprint recognition technology as a secure identification method aiming to replace swipe card technologies and pin systems . this product offering can be upgraded to combine face a fingerprint recognition to provide a higher level of security
· pc accesskey : utilizes fingerprint recognition to eliminate the need for passwords , access cards and keys when accessing pc ' s .
· standard time and attendance system : increases profitability by collecting accurate information for payroll purposes and reducing reconciliation of paycheck errors .
due to an emerging global market and facekey ' s ability to target both public and private sectors through there innovative facial and fingerprint recognition technologies we believe this company has the ability increase market share significantly . i think jp morgan ' s analyst paul coster says it best when he wrote in his september 2 nd 2004 research report " we think biometrics looks like a rising tide that should lift all boats . "
disclaimer
this profile published by otc live , inc is an independent electronic publication providing information and factual analysis on selected companies . all statements and expressions are the opinion of otc live , inc and are not meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . it is possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the featured companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc believes its sources to be reliable , associates of otc live , inc ,
or any affiliated parties make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided . readers should not rely solely on the information contained in this publication , but should consult with their own independent tax , business and financial advisors with respect to any investment opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised company .
factual statements in this publication are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . otc live , inc is not responsible for any claims made by the company . we have prepared this report , drawing upon a range of public news , the company ' s website and information from sources in the industry , as well as data and opinions provided by the company . prior to issuing this report , the company reviewed and approved the contents in writing hereof . otc live , inc has not independently verified the company ' s representations . any opinions expressed in this report are statements of judgment as of the date of publication . we urge readers to carefully verify all presentations within the report independently . the receipt of this publication shall not create , under any circumstances , any
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of review . this advertisement does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this advertisement has been compensated nine thousand dollars by a third party for the preparation and electronic dissemination of this report and ir services . this should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest . furthermore , associates of otc live , inc may have stock positions on profiled companies from time to time . we may profit in the event the shares of the company profiled by us increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from time to time even after we have made positive comments regarding the company . the receipt of this information constitutes your acceptance
of these terms and conditions .
safe harbor for forward - looking statements : except for historical information contained herein , the statements on this website and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to differ materially from forecasted results . these risks and uncertainties include , among other things , product price volatility , product demand , market competition and risk inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts . they use words such as ` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' '
` ` project , ' ' ` ` intend , ' ' ` ` plan , " , " anticipate " , " guess " , " think " , " hear " , " suggest " , ` ` believe , ' ' and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance .
as a suggestion , " never , ever , make an investment based solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a small , thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known , " said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s office of investor education and assistance . " assume that the information about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can prove otherwise through your own independent research . " " internet fraud " is available on the sec ' s web site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
