Subject: special situation report
mnei - the best small cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile
and the news of this company and you wil | see for yourself
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , ciear channe |
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
| ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
news > > > . . millennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the miilennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wil | see why )
millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns ,
partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie mi | | ennium nationa |
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - millennium
nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miilennium international tennis tournament .
millennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . " basicaily we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve
we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , "
said robert mcaliister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of
each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the
match point acquisition uitimately being abie to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom line .
mnei sees both the international television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 500 as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambi | | and james biake . aiso entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time
miilennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament stil | hoids two wildcards that can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materialiy from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
$ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxo 007 @ yahoo . com - )