Subject: new penny shares idea for you
mnei - the best smal | cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie
and the news of this company and you will see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , ciear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
loca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . miilennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the miilennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wi | | see why )
miilennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns ,
partia | | y or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while millennium national
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar includes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - millennium
national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miilennium international tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both loca | deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . " basicaliy we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , "
said robert mcallister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of
each individua | event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom line .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miilennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambiil and james biake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time
mi | | ennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo me | | o ( brazil ) . the tournament stiil holds two wildcards that can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materiaily from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 52600 from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our
express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stoxo 007 @ yahoo . com - )