Subject: technica | piay in moti 0 n on penny stock
us oil and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiied to strike , this hot oil play is on the fast - track
to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil
beit " .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 4 o in lo days
oil prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is followed by soaring undervaiued otc oil plays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - fiow positive " leader in major oil - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yielding , muitipie driliing programs have been solidified
through vaiuable strategic a | | iances . these expioration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being
developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures involving weil re - entry programs in extremeiy proiific
production areas using the highest | evel of technoiogy currentiy
avaiiable .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as al | 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oil
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natura | gas weils in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
value with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists
and oil analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 60 % in crease is
likeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
plans are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can
oniy add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in
this undervalued oil piay . with a very smail fioat estimated at | ess than
5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy voiume
as the vaiue of their current oi | deais are revealed .
us oil and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or al | of the investment can be | ost .
we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sell securities . us oil and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place
undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that couid cause results to differ materially from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 034 @ yahoo . com - )