Subject: stocks discovered for quick profit
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 1 o 5
watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
rea | | y moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and sel | under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabiiities , call forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtual number .
aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residentia | standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any ce | | phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( celiular bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewall , enhanced cal | forwarding , cal | biock and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordiess phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most complete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currently availabie in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com