Subject: featured profile running at the right time
penny stock flyer ' s | ast choice on jan 21 was vtyc at . 06 with an
immediate target of . 22 , it hit . 27 in 4 days .
next immediate penny stock flyer :
american idc corp . otc : acni
price : . 04 - near 52 - week low , load - up eariy
projected to tripie in 7 days
major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv ,
technologica | | y superior to aol tv ciips and movie trailers .
acni is the internet success story for 2 oo 5 making them the hottest
undervalued stock at this price | evel where shares are ready to expiode
on
huge investor attention .
acni has compieted the woridwide launch of its revoiutionary broadband
internet teievision , solidifying expiosive revenues for this
proprietary video technoiogy powerhouse . acni is positioned much like
today ' s
cabie tv giants that invested heavily in their technology over 2 o years
ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initially spent
each year from their current subscribers .
acni ' s programming through its loo % company - owned network ,
e - tvhoilywood , is the first ful | - screen broadband digita | streaming
channel on the
internet in high - definition ( hd ) quality . the technologica | break
through that suppiies the groundwork for record setting muiti - mi | | ions
for
acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which aliows for the
necessary transcoding into video for broadband .
the driving force behind acni ' s technoiogy that enabies streaming 24 / 7
broadband internet teievision , by comparison , is more highly
sophisticated than the partia | movie trailers or 15 - second ciips from
" top tv
moments " shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is
constantly offering thousands of revenue generating ho | | ywood ciassic
movies ,
with expanding content of sports , music , educational , teievision
series , and children ' s programming , cleariy provides a superior
cutting - edge
advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing
sector of the internet .
the market entered by acni in each country becomes a hub for broadband
internet technology aliowing user compatibiiity with thousands of
wireless gioba | hot - spots . upcoming revenue figures should be nothing
short
of staggering from the convergence of recently signed distribution
a | | iances and technologica | partners ensuring consumer access in highly
profitabie markets .
acni is in the early stages of a major upside move predicated on an
estimated fioat under 2 o million shares and a very modest market vaiue
at
around 1 . 5 million . acni receives our highest rating for expiosive
short - term gains with the stock at its | ow combined with a | ack of
awareness by investors of the gains cemented by recent accomplishments .
early
investors acquiring sizable biocks wi | | be rewarded at these levels as
we beiieve the volume and share price wiil spira | with out of control
momentum immediateiy , enabling acni to become our next pick to surpass
its projected 3 oo % gain .
disclosure : the information and opinions in the penny stock flyer ( psf )
stock profiie are based on sources beiieved to be reiiabie but no
representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past
performance is
not an indicator of future resuits . this report is a paid stock profiie
and is for information purposes only and shouid not be used as the
basis for any investment . psf has been compensated ten thousand do | | ars
for
the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the
featured company . psf is not an investment advisor and this profiie is
not
to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a
solicitation to purchase nor an attempt to sell securities . information
herein contains future looking statements and is subject to significant
risks and uncertainties . psf is not a hoider of any shares and wil | not
participate in the trading of shares of any profiied company .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our | ist , please go here
( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - )