Subject: current anaiysis on hot pick from our watch sheet
us oi | and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the leading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiied to strike , this hot oil piay is on the fast - track
to miilions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi |
beit " .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 4 o in 10 days
oil prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is foliowed by soaring undervalued otc oi | piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfolios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potentia | oi | and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - fiow positive " leader in major oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , muitipie driiling programs have been soiidified
through vaiuable strategic ailiances . these exploration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantial working interests being
developed into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures invoiving weil re - entry programs in extremeiy prolific
production areas using the highest | evel of technoiogy currently
avaiiable .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectly timed as ail 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest | eveis of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming a | | other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natura | gas weils in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
vaiue with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 6 o % in crease is
likeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on multipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can
oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smal | float estimated at less than
5 miilion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume
as the value of their current oil deals are reveaied .
us oil and gas report cautions that small and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be | ost .
we suggest you consult a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diiigence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or
soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oil and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand do | | ars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace
undue reliance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 033 @ yahoo . com - )