Subject: pls acknowledge
note : please direct all response to the e - mail address account below for confidential purposes .
attention please ,
business partnership solicited
may i take this privilege to introduce myself , my name is mr . joseph sese seko a brother of the late president of the federal republic of zaire , president mobutu sese seko ( now republic congo under the leadership of the son of laurent kabila ) .
i am currently under political asylum in the spain . i presume you are aware that there is a financial dispute between my family ( the mobutu ' s ) and the present civilian government . based on what they believe as bad and corrupt government on my late brother ' s part , may his soul rest in peace .
following the above mentioned reasons , i am soliciting for your assistance to take custody of fifteen million united states dollars only ( usd $ 15 m ) also to front for me in the area of business investment you desire profitably well . presently this sum of usd $ 15 m has secretly been deposited into a confidetial security company , where it can be released to you by the security company based on my recommendation on that note , you will be presented as my partner who will be fronting for me and family in any subsequent ventures . for you might have heard how a lot of my brothers bank account has been frozen .
i shall give you 25 % of the total money and 5 % for miscellaneous expense and 10 % on any profit realizable in the process of this fund in your country . please , i need your entire support and co - operation for the success of this business venture , your utmost confidentiality , sincerity and secrecy is highly required , due to my family ' s present predicament . details of how i intend to carry out this project will be discussed as soon as i get a response of your willingness and interest . i sincerely will appreciate your acknowledgement as soon as possible by contacting me on this alternative e - mail address below for security reason : < sesekonn @ netscape . net
thank you ,
yours truly
mr joseph sese seko
switch to netscape internet service .
as low as $ 9 . 95 a month - - sign up today at http : / / isp . netscape . com / register
netscape . just the net you need .
new ! netscape toolbar for internet explorer
search from anywhere on the web and block those annoying pop - ups .
download now at http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / search / install . jsp