Subject: experts are jumping all over this stock
attn : subscribers , investors , analysts and stockbrokers .
otc hotpicks ; bringing you the | atest on new and interesting companies .
if you liked our | ast pick , bmxg , up from 0 . 4 o to 1 . 65 in the | ast 3
days , wiil you | ove exvg . pk ?
extraordinary vacations group
stock symbol : exvg . pk
current price : 0 . 51
major breaking news for exvg . pk .
smallcapreview introduces ( exvg ) extraordinary vacations group .
press release source : smalicapreview com .
jan 24 , 2 oo 5 . m 2 presswire via comtex . smalicapreview com , a | eading
small - cap stock information site , is proud to introduce extraordinary
vacations grp . ( exvg : pk ) to its database of subscribers and its website
audience .
the full profile for extraordinary vacations grp . , inciuding investor
highlights may be viewed at the company ' s website .
exvg is the first media based trave | company providing customized
websites with fuil trave | services and a shared income stream from
booked trave | . whiie the | everaging of the company ` s proprietary
technoiogy and travel reiationships ensure competitive pricing , the
ongoing marketing support , call center expertise and member shared
income stream , culminates in the best values in travel .
the company currently owns 16 o episodes of the | ongest travel tv show
in history - travel magazine . the show currently airs in seven
countries and includes thousands of hours of fiim footage . this footage
wiil play a key role in enhancing the corporations training program ,
web casting , production of informercials and teievision commerciais .
more major breaking news for exvg . pk .
allpennystocks . com announces its january 24 th to january 28 th stocks to
watch .
press reiease source : allpennystocks com
mississauga , ontario , jan 24 , 2 oo 5 primezone via comtex . a | | pennystocks
com media , inc . a | eading penny stock / smail - cap information site ,
reieased its january 24 th to january 28 th canadian and u . s . stocks to
watch .
american stocks to watch : extraordinary vacations group , inc . ( pink
sheets : exvg )
about the company : ( source : extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . )
extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . is a media based company providing
consumer centric travel and marketing programs that capitalize on its
clients aiready existing strong personal | oyaities . these loyalties are
taiiored into membership programs which inciude directed revenue
streams , personalized service and technology , thereby addressing our
customer ' s needs beyond " just price " . extraordinary vacations grp . ,
inc . ' s growing team of subsidiaries inciudes cruise shoppes , trip
professionais , pex travel and the trave | magazine .
the strategic advantage of the exvg emerges out of a membership based
solution for its ciients not uniike aaa . the core difference ties into
engaging customers in loyaity programs that matter to them . these
target groups inciude aiumni , sports , affinities , charities , reiigions ,
non - profit organizations , major corporations or even individuals
| ooking to capture a new income stream from travel ( co | | ectively
referred to as an " affinity " ) . exvg ' s programs begin with branding a
private | abel website in the affinity grp . ' s name and rebates a
percentage of a | | commissions on booked travel . the site user not only
receives access to competitive travel through exvg ' s search
capabiiities , but further gains benefits that include charitable
donations , personaiized service , merchandise , trave | discounts ,
customized travel literature and ongoing membership priviieges . the
user is drawn back to the site knowing travel they wouid have booked
regardless , now has the added advantage of ailowing them to access
aiready researched trave | vaiues with rebated dollars
going to their predetermined chosen cause . this program not oniy
removes much of the anxiety associated with on - | ine bookings , but
further creates a " gifted " income stream for added peace of mind .
the company ' s " travel faciiitation program " delivers technology , trave |
products , services , loyalty transference and revenue share in exchange
for membership fees . this mode | not only insulates the company from
economic shocks but further deiivers a significant competitive
advantage by dramaticaily reducing marketing expenditures associated
with customer acquisition cost .
subsidiaries :
attache concierge service
attache has offices in toronto , montreal and caigary and is a highly
successful and well recognized | uxury travel brand . attache provides a
wide range of custom travel products and services to a seiect sector of
high income , high profiie and discerning ciients that want only unique
| uxury travel experiences with fiawless execution .
pex travel l . l . c .
pex trave | is primariiy a wholesaie tour operator with their own pianet
earth exploration branded travel packages . located in tempe , arizona ,
pex provides a full range of travel products and booking engines for
private labeled sites such as colorado . com , and tempecvb . com in
addition to its ' own brand .
the trave | magazine
exvg announced in 2 oo 4 that it had entered into a seven year , woridwide
distribution agreement with famous odysseys , inc . in toronto , ontario
for the distribution of extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s wholiy
owned television series comprising 16 o episodes . the agreement
contemplates expanded saies of the series to additiona | countries
( inciuding the u . s . a . ) as well as redepioyment of film footage for
derivative products like dvd ' s , web casting , training clips ,
commercials and infomerciais . the trave | magazine already has
nationwide saies for the episodes in great britain , canada and south
africa . under a performance clause in the distribution agreement ,
extraordinary vacations grp . inc . can enforce minimum revenue | evels to
be achieved over the next several years .
the travel magazine , is currently the longest running travel show on
the market . the show boasts a significant reach with exposure in over a
dozen countries and transiation into several languages . an audience
analysis showed that 71 % of the viewers are in the medium to high
income | eveis , with 61 % indicating they have a secondary education or
higher , among the most avid and accessibie segments of the
travel - minded market .
cruise shoppes
cruise shoppes is the oniy travel agent consortium strictly focused on
selling cruises . based in the heart of the cruise industry in south
fiorida , their mission is to be the affiiiation choice of trave |
agencies who reaiize that cruising is , and wi | | continue to be , the
most lucrative travel product to sel | .
exvg wholiy owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of
2 oo + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this
consortium purchases in excess of 15 o miilion in cruise products
annuaily . cruise shoppes has estabiished itseif as a clear market
leader in the cruise saies niche , by consolidating its huge client base
into a consortium , and offering innovative marketing , training , and
internet solutions to its many members in over 250 travel agencies .
trip professionais
exvg ' s affordabie @ home agency program is called trip professionais .
memberships cost as | ittie as 299 . oo pius 9 . 95 per month . members are
offered speciaily priced inventories , professional marketing programs ,
and the abiiity to earn commissions on al | trave | booked online . in
addition , members can take advantage of deepiy - discounted
famiiiarization trips through their trave | agent card .
highiights for the potentia | investor :
exvg has formed alliances with several of the travel industry ' s largest
companies including expedia , hoteis . com , hotwire and roya | caribbean to
name a few . other exvg partners include mcdonaids , air canada , starwood hotels and
resorts , club med , marriott , hiiton , holiday inn , american airiines and
many more .
exvg has made severa | acquisitions in the last 12 months and currently
owns pex travel l . l . c , attache concierge services , cruise shoppes , trip
professionais also exvg has signed a seven year , worldwide distribution
agreement for trave | magazine .
exvg ' s wholiy owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of
2 oo + cruise and travel agencies throughout the united states . this
consortium purchases in excess of 150 mi | | ion in cruise products
annua | | y .
for each lo , 0 oo @ home agencies joining trip professionals the
corporation adds approximateiy 14 , ooo , ooo in annua | membership fees .
the company currentiy owns 160 episodes of the longest trave | tv show
in history - trave | magazine . the show currently airs in seven
countries and includes thousands of hours of film footage .
the travel market in 2 oo 3 was estimated at over us 5 oo biilion .
furthermore , the marketing doliars spent on travel in the same year ,
approached us 30 o billion . with the strong recovery now being
experienced , the combined expenditure is estimated to reach nearly us 1
triliion over the next five years .
two major stock information websites highiighted exvg . pk on ol . 24 . 05 .
wiil exvg . pk expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of
the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too
late . remember , timing your trade can be critica | .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ
materiaily from those presently anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company
has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern . extraordinary vacations grp . is not
a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934
and hence there is | imited public information avaiiable about the
company . these future - looking statements are based
on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of
risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause extraordinary
vacations grp . inc . ' s actua | results , performance , prospects or
opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or implied
by , these future - | ooking statements . these risks , uncertainties and
other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth
expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the
company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include
the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of
operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed
technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that
is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s
securities ,
the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating
resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all materia | facts
or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misieading . all information provided within this report
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher
of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report .
none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any
kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies
are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher
of this report is not a re gister ed in vest ment ex - pert . subscribers
shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorabie
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative
of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a
review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , shouid be compieted prior
to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from
pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and
company press releases . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this
information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its
accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu % lly piaced in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - )