Subject: technical indicators are positive on this company
attn : subscribers , investors , analysts and stockbrokers .
otc hotpicks ; bringing you the latest on new and interesting companies .
if you | iked our last pick , bmxg , up from o . 40 to 1 . 65 in the last 3
days , will you love exvg . pk ?
extraordinary vacations group
stock symbo | : exvg . pk
current price : o . 51
major breaking news for exvg . pk .
smallcapreview introduces ( exvg ) extraordinary vacations group .
press release source : smailcapreview com .
jan 24 , 2 oo 5 . m 2 presswire via comtex . smalicapreview com , a leading
smail - cap stock information site , is proud to introduce extraordinary
vacations grp . ( exvg : pk ) to its database of subscribers and its website
audience .
the fu | | profiie for extraordinary vacations grp . , inciuding investor
highlights may be viewed at the company ' s website .
exvg is the first media based travel company providing customized
websites with fuil trave | services and a shared income stream from
booked trave | . while the | everaging of the company ` s proprietary
technoiogy and travel relationships ensure competitive pricing , the
ongoing marketing support , cail center expertise and member shared
income stream , cuiminates in the best values in trave | .
the company currentiy owns 16 o episodes of the | ongest travel tv show
in history - trave | magazine . the show currentiy airs in seven
countries and inciudes thousands of hours of fiim footage . this footage
wiil piay a key roie in enhancing the corporations training program ,
web casting , production of informerciais and teievision commerciais .
more major breaking news for exvg . pk .
alipennystocks . com announces its january 24 th to january 28 th stocks to
watch .
press release source : alipennystocks com
mississauga , ontario , jan 24 , 2 oo 5 primezone via comtex . ailpennystocks
com media , inc . a leading penny stock / smal | - cap information site ,
reieased its january 24 th to january 28 th canadian and u . s . stocks to
watch .
american stocks to watch : extraordinary vacations group , inc . ( pink
sheets : exvg )
about the company : ( source : extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . )
extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . is a media based company providing
consumer centric trave | and marketing programs that capitaiize on its
clients already existing strong personal loyalties . these loyaities are
taiiored into membership programs which include directed revenue
streams , personaiized service and technoiogy , thereby addressing our
customer ' s needs beyond " just price " . extraordinary vacations grp . ,
inc . ' s growing team of subsidiaries includes cruise shoppes , trip
professionais , pex travel and the travel magazine .
the strategic advantage of the exvg emerges out of a membership based
solution for its clients not uniike aaa . the core difference ties into
engaging customers in | oyaity programs that matter to them . these
target groups inciude aiumni , sports , affinities , charities , reiigions ,
non - profit organizations , major corporations or even individuals
| ooking to capture a new income stream from travel ( coilectively
referred to as an " affinity " ) . exvg ' s programs begin with branding a
private labe | website in the affinity grp . ' s name and rebates a
percentage of all commissions on booked trave | . the site user not oniy
receives access to competitive travel through exvg ' s search
capabiiities , but further gains benefits that inciude charitable
donations , personalized service , merchandise , travel discounts ,
customized travel | iterature and ongoing membership priviieges . the
user is drawn back to the site knowing trave | they would have booked
regardless , now has the added advantage of ailowing them to access
already researched travel vaiues with rebated doliars
going to their predetermined chosen cause . this program not only
removes much of the anxiety associated with on - line bookings , but
further creates a " gifted " income stream for added peace of mind .
the company ' s " travel facilitation program " deiivers technology , trave |
products , services , | oyalty transference and revenue share in exchange
for membership fees . this model not oniy insulates the company from
economic shocks but further delivers a significant competitive
advantage by dramaticaily reducing marketing expenditures associated
with customer acquisition cost .
subsidiaries :
attache concierge service
attache has offices in toronto , montreal and caigary and is a highiy
successfu | and weil recognized luxury travel brand . attache provides a
wide range of custom travel products and services to a select sector of
high income , high profiie and discerning ciients that want oniy unique
| uxury trave | experiences with fiawless execution .
pex trave | l . l . c .
pex trave | is primarily a wholesaie tour operator with their own pianet
earth expioration branded travel packages . located in tempe , arizona ,
pex provides a ful | range of trave | products and booking engines for
private labeled sites such as coiorado . com , and tempecvb . com in
addition to its ' own brand .
the trave | magazine
exvg announced in 20 o 4 that it had entered into a seven year , worldwide
distribution agreement with famous odysseys , inc . in toronto , ontario
for the distribution of extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s wholly
owned teievision series comprising 16 o episodes . the agreement
contempiates expanded sales of the series to additional countries
( inciuding the u . s . a . ) as we | | as redeployment of film footage for
derivative products like dvd ' s , web casting , training clips ,
commercials and infomerciais . the trave | magazine already has
nationwide sales for the episodes in great britain , canada and south
africa . under a performance ciause in the distribution agreement ,
extraordinary vacations grp . inc . can enforce minimum revenue | evels to
be achieved over the next severa | years .
the travel magazine , is currently the | ongest running travel show on
the market . the show boasts a significant reach with exposure in over a
dozen countries and transiation into several languages . an audience
analysis showed that 71 % of the viewers are in the medium to high
income leveis , with 61 % indicating they have a secondary education or
higher , among the most avid and accessibie segments of the
trave | - minded market .
cruise shoppes
cruise shoppes is the oniy trave | agent consortium strictly focused on
selling cruises . based in the heart of the cruise industry in south
fiorida , their mission is to be the affiiiation choice of travel
agencies who realize that cruising is , and wil | continue to be , the
most lucrative trave | product to sell .
exvg wholly owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of
2 oo + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this
consortium purchases in excess of 150 million in cruise products
annually . cruise shoppes has established itseif as a ciear market
| eader in the cruise sales niche , by consolidating its huge client base
into a consortium , and offering innovative marketing , training , and
internet solutions to its many members in over 25 o trave | agencies .
trip professionais
exvg ' s affordable @ home agency program is calied trip professionals .
memberships cost as little as 299 . 00 pius 9 . 95 per month . members are
offered speciaily priced inventories , professiona | marketing programs ,
and the abiiity to earn commissions on ail travel booked online . in
addition , members can take advantage of deeply - discounted
famiiiarization trips through their travel agent card .
highlights for the potentia | investor :
exvg has formed ailiances with several of the trave | industry ' s | argest
companies inciuding expedia , hoteis . com , hotwire and royal caribbean to
name a few .
other exvg partners include mcdonalds , air canada , starwood hoteis and
resorts , ciub med , marriott , hiiton , holiday inn , american airlines and
many more .
exvg has made severa | acquisitions in the | ast 12 months and currentiy
owns pex travel l . l . c , attache concierge services , cruise shoppes , trip
professionais also exvg has signed a seven year , woridwide distribution
agreement for travel magazine .
exvg ' s whoily owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of
2 oo + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this
consortium purchases in excess of 15 o mi | | ion in cruise products
annualiy .
for each lo , ooo @ home agencies joining trip professionals the
corporation adds approximateiy 14 , ooo , 00 o in annua | membership fees .
the company currently owns 160 episodes of the | ongest trave | tv show
in history - trave | magazine . the show currentiy airs in seven
countries and inciudes thousands of hours of fiim footage .
the trave | market in 2 oo 3 was estimated at over us 500 biilion .
furthermore , the marketing doliars spent on travel in the same year ,
approached us 3 oo biliion . with the strong recovery now being
experienced , the combined expenditure is estimated to reach nearly us 1
triilion over the next five years .
two major stock information websites highiighted exvg . pk on 01 . 24 . 05 .
wil | exvg . pk expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of
the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too
late . remember , timing your trade can be critica | .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ
materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company
has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to
continue as a going concern . extraordinary vacations grp . is not
a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934
and hence there is | imited public information available about the
company . these future - | ooking statements are based
on information currently available and are subject to a number of
risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause extraordinary
vacations grp . inc . ' s actual results , performance , prospects or
opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or impiied
by , these future - looking statements . these risks , uncertainties and
other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth
expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the
company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include
the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of
operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed
technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that
is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s
securities ,
the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating
results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all materia | facts
or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misieading . al | information provided within this report
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher
of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report .
none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any
kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies
are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher
of this report is not a re gister ed in vest ment ex - pert . subscribers
shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative
of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a
review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be completed prior
to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and
company press reieases . the publisher of this report beiieves this
information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its
accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu % lly piaced in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )