Subject: better stock performance from otc heip | ine
tiger team technologies ( otc - t t m t )
leading deveioper of a unique patented process for
transforming business operations of medical service
providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / o 5 )
current price : - $ 0 . o 8
reasons to consider t t m t : ( source : company website )
* tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art
communication hardware and software technoiogies . t 3
has
exciusive rights on this patented process , which
guarantees
secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in
accordance
with federa | mandated hippa compliance requirements .
this
translates to tota | patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the | iability and medical premiums piaced on
providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua | medical practices by leveraging this
exciusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services .
* capitalizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions ,
including all
| icenses and certifications required for handiing
medica | fiies
and performing transcription services .
* empioying t 3 ’ s exciusive and patented process
designed
to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 5 oo
per
transmission .
* estabiishing a certification program for medical
industry
simiiar to iso 9000 or six sigma programs appiied to
industria | environments .
* offering medica | community a bundle of services with
high
| eve | of security and redundancy and 30 % reduction in
costs .
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
process ,
technoiogy , service and quality contro | .
recent news :
* tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for
medica | bi | | ing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
insur @ nce carrier ; retains an auditor
* tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a
reporting company
* tiger team technologies announces its intention to be
a fuily reporting company
watch for more news that may impact the stock . .
watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck .
information within this email contains " forward
looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica |
fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward
looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
" projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , "
" anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands "
or that by statements indicating certain actions
" may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue
as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
availabie about the company . other factors include a
limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since
its inception , reiiance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currentiy an operating company . the company is going
to need financing . if that financing does not occur ,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could | ose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but
are not limited to , the ability of the company to
complete a planned bridge financing , market
conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s
products and technologies , competitive factors ,
timing , and other risks associated with their
business . the publisher of this newsletter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states ail material facts or does not omit a
materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misieading . ail information provided within this
emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter
advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai | . none of the materia |
within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose
a | | your money by investing in this stock . the
pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view
information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to
be referenced based on the favorabie performance of
these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can
be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including
a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should
be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher
of this newsietter discioses the receipt of thirty one
thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer ,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi | | sell at anytime without notice .
this could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock . al | factua | information in this report was
gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not
limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves
this information to be reliable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of
the material within this emai | constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )