Subject: donation for the lord
donation for the lord
from : mrs . praise uwaoma
please endeavour to use it for the children of god . i am the above name
person from sierra - leone . i am married to dr theophilus uwaoma who worked
with sierra leonian embassy in south africa for nine years before he died
in the year 2000 . we were married for eleven years without a child . he died
after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his death we
were both born again christians and we lived happilly . since his death ,
i decided not to re - marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which
the bible is really against .
when my late husband was alive he secured $ 15 million ( fifteen million u . s .
dollars ) with financial institution here in cote d ' ivoire . presently , this
money is still with the financial institution . recently , my doctor told
me that from all the test conducted on my health , i am not going to last
long , expecially , due to my cancer and stroke . but what disturbs
me most now is stroke .
having known my condition , i decided to donate this fund to churches or
christian individual that will utilize this money the way i am going to
instruct . i want a church or individual that will use this money to fund
churches , orphanages and widows . also , the propagation of the work of god ,
building and maintaining the house of god through this money , is very important .
the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i
took this decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit this
money and my husband relatives are not christians . i don ? t want my husband ' s
hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers , for their own selfish interest
and in an ungodly manner . i am not afraid of death hence i know where i
am going . i know that i am going to be in the bossom of the lord . exodus
14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my peace .
i don ' t need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health ,
and because of the presence of my husband ' s relatives around me sometimes .
i don ' t want them to know about this development , but i know that with god
all things are possible .
as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the financial
institution in ivory coast . i will also give you all information regarding
the deposit of this money . i will also issue you a letter of authority that
will empower you as the original - beneficiary of this fund . i want you and
your church to always pray for me because god work in misterious ways . my
happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . who ever that wants
to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . please always be prayerful
all through your life .
any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or christian
individual for this same purpose . please assure me that you will act accordingly
as i stated herein . hoping to hear from you soon .
remain blessed in the name of the lord .
yours in christ ,
mrs praise uwaoma