Subject: aggressive stock traders aiert
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , clear channe |
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox
broadcasting , nbc
| oca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the news . . . read the entire news below
news > > > . . mi | | ennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to
acquire
a | | of the outstanding shares of miilennium nationa | imports , inc . , a
texas company .
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy
possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
miilennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which
owns ,
partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events
and
event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in
live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium
national
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is reaily
possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you will see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miliennium
national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has
entered
into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miilennium international tennis tournament .
miliennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering
into
acquisition negotiations .
both local deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . " basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i
believe
we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - alone companies , "
said robert mca | | ister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation
is the key , not only to our bottom line , but also to the success of
each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition uitimateiy being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom line .
mnei sees both the international teievision audience and the ability to
attract a fortune 50 o as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | mi | | ennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambil | and james biake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 ,
two - time
miilennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo mello ( brazil ) . the tournament stiil holds two wildcards that
can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this | egal info
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , "
or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to
investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email .
none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind
of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
from
the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and
uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was
paid
$ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are
our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude
terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our list , piease go here
( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )