Subject: congratulations !
winning notice
from : the lottery coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
dear winner
results for category " a " draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the category " a " draws of crown global lottery international we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the third category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held prior to your notification . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 4 , 000 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from america , asia , australia , africa , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 322 / 6181 - 22 , with serial number 92 - 71 drew the lucky numbers 19 , 21 , 25 , 30 , 41 , 44 ( 22 ) , and consequently won in the category " a " . you have therefore
been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five
hundred thousand united state dollars ) in cash , which is the wi ! ! nning
payout for category " a " winners . this is from the total prize money !
of $ 4 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared among the 3 international winners in this
category .
congratulations !
your funds are now deposited with a bank , a reputable bank , insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this
program . please contact your claims officer immediately , to begin your
claims process ;
mr . wilson souza .
claiming officer
crown global lottery international
email : crownlotto 203 @ netscape . net
for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated
account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claims agent not later than two weeks after the receipt of this mail . after this
date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification find below your reference and batch numbers . note that you are to forward this email to the agents in your first correspondence with them , whether by email . reference number : gli / clol / cul 7 - c 839213801 batch number : 1833 - thmuha congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being
part of our promotions program .
mrs . maartje nabi .
lottery coordinator ,
sent throu mala - hierba . net webmail system . . .