Subject: help my family out of this . . .
help my family out of this . . .
dear partner ,
compliment of the season .
it is my pleasure to contact you to help me out of this terrible and ugly situation , l know that the content of this letter might be a suprise to you , but even though we hardly know each other i believe that you can help me .
i am mrs . mariam a . abacha , the wife to the late head of state , of the federal republic of nigeria from 1993 - 1998 - general sani abacha . my late husband made a lot of money as the head of state of nigeria for 5 years . he has different accounts in many banks of the world . he has not left any stone unturned in accruing riches for his family .
the present democratic government of nigeria led by president ( gen . ( rtd ) ) olusegun obasanjo has not found favour with my family since their inception . this may be as a result of his hatred for my late husband who kept him in jail for over two years for a coup attempt , before the death of my father . he was released immediately my husband died and he was later made the present president . he has confiscated and frozen all my family account in nigeria and some other american , europe and asian continents , it has been in both the local and international news .
presently , my son mohammed abacha has been languishing in different prison custody in nigeria for a case against his father which he knows nothing about , but l thank the almighty allah for his release . now , my purpose of all these introduction and proposal is just seeking for your candid assistance in saving this sum of $ 38 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty eight million . dollars only ) which my late husband had hidden from the nigerian government during his regime , and which is presently somewhere in a financial and security company outside the entire nigeria and west african region .
this is a huge sum of money , i cannot trust much on most saboteur friends of my family in nigeria who could not be trusted . i got your contact through our trade mission . i deemed it necessary to contact you for this trustworthy transaction . all what i needed is a sincere , honest , trustworthy and god - fearing individuals whom my mind will absolve to help me in this deal . if you have feelings about my situation , don ' t hesitate to stand for me . if my proposal is sudden to you , all i need now is for you to stand as the beneficiary of this money to claim it and save for me .
there is no difficulty , i will send your name as the recipient as well as the beneficiary of the money . on your identification and confirmation from me , the fund will be handed to you . all l need is your confirmention of willingness and l will give you the full details . you will be compensated with 25 % of the total fund for all your efforts in this transaction , provided this fund is safe for me in your account in your country .
please this is a very serious matter , it is a save my soul request to you and i will be delighted too much to receive a positive response from you in order to move into action . i will give you details on request from you .
finally , if you are not interested on this matter , kindly destroy this proposal and maintain the adequate secret for the security of my fund in the security vault .
thanks ,
yours sincerely ,
mrs . mariam a . abacha .
mail sent from webmail service at \ n - http : / / boyscoutsofamerica . info