Subject: take positi 0 ns before breaking news explosion
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbol : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnoiogy ; stem ce | | technoiogies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . 0 miilion
est . float : 2 . 5 mi | | ion
projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ceil research .
bmxg is a stem ce | | - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening
two innovative aduitstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide
near - term revenue stream whiie bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem
ce | | technoiogies and products .
the stem cell revolution :
with breakthroughs in the late 1990 ' s , stem ce | | research has been one
of the most exciting developments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , inciuding
leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem cells are the
future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem ce | | products will account for over lo bi | | ion in
annual
saies by 2013 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist
oniy a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
ce | | s for bone marrow transpiant . increasingly , individuals are
choosing
to store their own stem ceils in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord blood banks and speciaiized
transpiant ciinics has already risen to meet this demand , and
successfu |
technoiogy could meet the annual need for over 150 , 0 oo operations .
viaceil
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
bi | | ion in the us , and 2 billion globaliy .
for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a small
rapidiy emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major player in the
stem ceil revoiution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnoiogy r & d company , focused on the commerciaiization
of new
and groundbreaking stem ce | | technologies . the company has focused its
initial efforts on the | aunch of an innovative adultcryogenic stem ceil
bank which wil | store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and ailments . the company pians to launch its initia |
cryogenic stem ceil faciiities in mid - 2005 , and is additionaily
exploring
opportunities for commercialization of new technoiogies in tissue
management , stem ce | | research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem ce | | cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic player in the explosive stem cell research market .
investment highlights :
bmxg is exceptionaily we | | positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem cell research . while stem
cel | therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues wil | exceed
10 biilion by 2013 . recentiy , caiifornia voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of legislation that provides 3 biilion in stem
ce | |
funding over the next decade .
with its initial focus on the estabiishment of stem ce | | cryogenic stem
ceil storage faciiities , bmxg is well situated in a growing and
commercialiy successfu | market . there are more than lo major cord
biood banks
in the world , preserving ceils from more than 35 , ooo donors . viaceil
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 billion in the us and over 2
billion woridwide . as the public understanding of stem cell benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponentia | growth . as
the
foremost stem ceil banker focused on the storage of adultstem - ceil
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medica | devices specificaliy designed to
facilitate the removal and transpiant of stem cells . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its inteilectual
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia |
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model
for
growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team ,
helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capital
financing
and pubiic company management , while its research efforts under dr .
phiiip watts ( phd - caltech ) are involved in the newest academic
research
into stem ceil .
investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
wail street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cell
research and stem cell stocks are outperforming a | | of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem cel | research companies such as stemcells , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23 o % ! with its
enviable position in stem cel | research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successful trading .
this publication is an independent pubiication with the goal of giving
investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitabie
investment decisions . this publication does not provide an anaiysis of
the
companys financial position and is not an soiicitation to purchase or
seil securities investing in securities is speculative and carries
risk .
it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consulting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial
statements
of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be
reiiable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
simiiar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete
review
of the company ' s regulatory filings at secgov the information herein
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding
expected
continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future
| ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
resuits
or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future
| ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates ,
believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of six
thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . a | |
factual
information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding
but not | imited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press
reieases . this information is beiieved to be reiiable but can make no
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may inciude an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reliance on | oans from officers , directors and a
majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to
raise
capital . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the material within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this closing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )