Subject: an exciting company for investors
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbo | : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnology ; stem cel | technoiogies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . o mi | | ion
est . float : 2 . 5 mi | | ion
projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cel | research .
bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening
two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide
near - term revenue stream while bmxg develops new and innovative stem
ceil technoiogies and products .
the stem ce | | revoiution :
with breakthroughs in the late 199 o ' s , stem ce | | research has been one
of the most exciting developments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including
| eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem ce | | s are the
future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem ceil products wi | | account for over lo billion in
annua |
saies by 2013 - phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist
oniy a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commerciaiization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
ceils for bone marrow transpiant . increasingly , individuais are
choosing
to store their own stem ce | | s in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized
transpiant ciinics has already risen to meet this demand , and
successful
technoiogy could meet the annua | need for over 150 , ooo operations .
viace | |
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
biliion in the us , and 2 biliion giobaily .
for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a small
rapidiy emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major player in the
stem ce | | revoiution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnoiogy r & d company , focused on the commercialization
of new
and groundbreaking stem cel | technoiogies . the company has focused its
initial efforts on the | aunch of an innovative adultcryogenic stem ceil
bank which wi | | store stem ceil tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and aiiments . the company pians to | aunch its initia |
cryogenic stem ce | | faciiities in mid - 20 o 5 , and is additionaliy
exploring
opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue
management , stem ce | | research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending establishment of an adultstem ce | | cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic piayer in the explosive stem cell research market .
investment highlights :
bmxg is exceptionaliy wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem cel | research . while stem
cell therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem ceil product revenues wil | exceed lo bi | | ion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem
ce | |
funding over the next decade .
with its initia | focus on the estabiishment of stem cell cryogenic stem
cell storage facilities , bmxg is wel | situated in a growing and
commerciaily successful market . there are more than 10 major cord
biood banks
in the worid , preserving ceils from more than 35 , 0 oo donors . viacel |
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biliion in the us and over 2
bi | | ion worldwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cel | benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as
the
foremost stem cell banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - ce | |
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medical devices specifically designed to
faciiitate the remova | and transpiant of stem cells . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its inteliectua |
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia |
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model
for
growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team ,
heimed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita |
financing
and pubiic company management , while its research efforts under dr .
phiiip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic
research
into stem cell .
investment conclusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
wall street has been quick to the react to the potentia | of stem cell
research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming ail of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem ceil research companies such as stemcells , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - ce | | ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its
enviable position in stem cell research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successful trading .
this publication is an independent pubiication with the goal of giving
investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitabie
investment decisions . this publication does not provide an anaiysis of
the
companys financia | position and is not an soiicitation to purchase or
seil securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries
risk .
it is advisable that any investment should be made after consuiting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial
statements
of the company . the information in this report is believed to be
reliabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
simiiar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a compiete
review
of the company ' s regulatory fiiings at secgov the information herein
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding
expected
continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future
| ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua |
results
or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . future
| ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates ,
believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of six
thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all
factual
information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including
but not | imited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press
releases . this information is believed to be reiiabie but can make no
absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may include an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a
majority shareholder to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to
raise
capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsietter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this ciosing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - )