Subject: this wi | | run higher with trade voiume way up
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbo | : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnology ; stem cel | technologies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . o miliion
est . float : 2 . 5 mi | | ion
projected vaiuation : 3 . 50 per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cell research .
bmxg is a stem cel | - oriented biotechnoiogy r & d firm , which is opening
two innovative aduitstem cel | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wiil provide
near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem
ceil technologies and products .
the stem cel | revolution :
with breakthroughs in the | ate 199 o ' s , stem cell research has been one
of the most exciting deveiopments in biotechnology , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , inciuding
leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem celis are the
future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem ce | | products wil | account for over lo biliion in
annual
saies by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist
only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
cells for bone marrow transpiant . increasingly , individuals are
choosing
to store their own stem ceils in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized
transplant ciinics has already risen to meet this demand , and
successful
technoiogy could meet the annua | need for over 150 , 0 oo operations .
viace | |
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
biliion in the us , and 2 billion globally .
for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a small
rapidiy emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the
stem ce | | revoiution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commerciaiization
of new
and groundbreaking stem cell technologies . the company has focused its
initia | efforts on the | aunch of an innovative adultcryogenic stem ceil
bank which wi | | store stem cel | tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and ailments . the company plans to launch its initial
cryogenic stem cell faciiities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additiona | | y
expioring
opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue
management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem ceil cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel | market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic piayer in the explosive stem cell research market .
investment highlights :
bmxg is exceptiona | | y well positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem
ceil therapy is still a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues wi | | exceed lo biliion by 2013 . recentiy , california voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of | egisiation that provides 3 biliion in stem
cell
funding over the next decade .
with its initia | focus on the estabiishment of stem ce | | cryogenic stem
ceil storage facilities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and
commercia | | y successfu | market . there are more than lo major cord
biood banks
in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , 00 o donors . viacel |
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us and over 2
billion worldwide . as the public understanding of stem cel | benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as
the
foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - ceil
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ceil instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medical devices specificaliy designed to
faciiitate the remova | and transplant of stem ceils . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its intellectua |
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia |
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model
for
growth in the stem ce | | market . the company ' s senior management team ,
helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capital
financing
and public company management , whiie its research efforts under dr .
phiiip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic
research
into stem cel | .
investment conclusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
wa | | street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem ce | |
research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming al | of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem ceil research companies such as stemcells , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cell ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23 o % ! with its
enviable position in stem cell research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potentia | to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successfu | trading .
this publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving
investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitabie
investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an anaiysis of
the
companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or
seil securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries
risk .
it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consuiting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial
statements
of the company . the information in this report is believed to be
reliabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
similar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete
review
of the company ' s reguiatory fiiings at secgov the information herein
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding
expected
continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs ,
pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future
looking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua |
resuits
or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future
| ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates ,
beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of six
thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . al |
factua |
information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding
but not limited to company web sites , sec filings and company press
releases . this information is beiieved to be reliable but can make no
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may inciude an accumulated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a
majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to
raise
capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this closing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - )