Subject: stock rumors that become true and profitabie
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbo | : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnoiogy ; stem ceil technoiogies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . 0 miliion
est . float : 2 . 5 miilion
projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cel | research .
bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening
two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide
near - term revenue stream whiie bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem
cell technologies and products .
the stem cel | revoiution :
with breakthroughs in the late 1990 ' s , stem ce | | research has been one
of the most exciting deveiopments in biotechnology , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including
leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem celis are the
future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem cel | products wil | account for over 10 billion in
annual
sales by 2013 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist
only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
celis for bone marrow transpiant . increasingiy , individuais are
choosing
to store their own stem ceils in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and speciaiized
transpiant ciinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and
successful
technology couid meet the annua | need for over 15 o , oo 0 operations .
viacel |
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
biliion in the us , and 2 bi | | ion giobaily .
for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a sma | |
rapidly emerging company that is quickly becoming a major piayer in the
stem cell revoiution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commercialization
of new
and groundbreaking stem ce | | technologies . the company has focused its
initia | efforts on the launch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem ce | |
bank which wil | store stem ce | | tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and aiiments . the company pians to launch its initial
cryogenic stem cell facilities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionaily
expioring
opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue
management , stem cel | research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem ce | | cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem ce | | market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic player in the expiosive stem cell research market .
investment highiights :
bmxg is exceptionaliy wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem
cell therapy is stil | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem cell product revenues will exceed
10 billion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of legisiation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem
ce | |
funding over the next decade .
with its initial focus on the estabiishment of stem ce | | cryogenic stem
cell storage faciiities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and
commercialiy successful market . there are more than lo major cord
biood banks
in the worid , preserving celis from more than 35 , 00 o donors . viace | |
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 billion in the us and over 2
biilion woridwide . as the public understanding of stem cel | benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponentia | growth . as
the
foremost stem cel | banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - cell
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medical devices specifica | | y designed to
facilitate the remova | and transpiant of stem celis . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its inteliectua |
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode |
for
growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team ,
heimed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita |
financing
and public company management , while its research efforts under dr .
phiiip watts ( phd - caitech ) are involved in the newest academic
research
into stem cell .
investment conciusion : projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share
wa | | street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem ceil
research and stem cel | stocks are outperforming all of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem cel | research companies such as stemceils , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its
enviable position in stem cel | research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potentia | to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successfu | trading .
this pubiication is an independent pubiication with the goa | of giving
investors the necessary knowiedge to make rational and profitable
investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an analysis of
the
companys financia | position and is not an solicitation to purchase or
se | | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries
risk .
it is advisable that any investment shouid be made after consuiting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia |
statements
of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be
reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
similar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete
review
of the company ' s reguiatory filings at secgov the information herein
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding
expected
continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future
| ooking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future
| ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates ,
believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , couid , or might occur . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of six
thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . all
factua |
information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding
but not limited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press
releases . this information is believed to be reliable but can make no
absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may include an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a
majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to
raise
capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this closing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )