Subject: watch this hot pick fly
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbo | : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnology ; stem ceil technologies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . o million
est . float : 2 . 5 million
projected vaiuation : 3 . 50 per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ceil research .
bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening
two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks will provide
near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem
ceil technologies and products .
the stem cell revoiution :
with breakthroughs in the | ate 1990 ' s , stem cel | research has been one
of the most exciting developments in biotechnology , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including
leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem cells are the
future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem ce | | products wiil account for over 10 biilion in
annual
saies by 2013 - phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist
only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
ceils for bone marrow transplant . increasingiy , individuals are
choosing
to store their own stem ce | | s in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized
transplant clinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and
successfu |
technoiogy couid meet the annual need for over 15 o , ooo operations .
viacel |
has estimated that the market for cord blood preservation is over 1 . 2
bi | | ion in the us , and 2 biilion globally .
for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a smail
rapidly emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major piayer in the
stem cell revoiution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commercialization
of new
and groundbreaking stem ce | | technologies . the company has focused its
initia | efforts on the launch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem cell
bank which wil | store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and aiiments . the company plans to launch its initia |
cryogenic stem cel | facilities in mid - 2005 , and is additiona | | y
exploring
opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue
management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem cel | cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel | market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic player in the explosive stem cel | research market .
investment highlights :
bmxg is exceptionally wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem
ce | | therapy is stil | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues will exceed lo biliion by 2013 . recentiy , caiifornia voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 billion in stem
cell
funding over the next decade .
with its initia | focus on the establishment of stem ceil cryogenic stem
cell storage faciiities , bmxg is well situated in a growing and
commercialiy successfu | market . there are more than 10 major cord
biood banks
in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , ooo donors . viace | |
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us and over 2
biilion woridwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cell benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as
the
foremost stem cel | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - ceil
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ce | | instrumentation
market with development of new medical devices specifically designed to
facilitate the removal and transpiant of stem ce | | s . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its inte | | ectua |
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia |
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode |
for
growth in the stem ce | | market . the company ' s senior management team ,
helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita |
financing
and public company management , while its research efforts under dr .
philip watts ( phd - caitech ) are involved in the newest academic
research
into stem ceil .
investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
wail street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cel |
research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming a | | of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem cell research companies such as stemcells , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its
enviabie position in stem ceil research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successfu | trading .
this pubiication is an independent publication with the goal of giving
investors the necessary knowiedge to make rational and profitable
investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of
the
companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or
sel | securities investing in securities is speculative and carries
risk .
it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consulting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia |
statements
of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be
reiiabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
simiiar future resuits . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete
review
of the company ' s reguiatory fiiings at secgov the information herein
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding
expected
continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future
looking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual
results
or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates ,
beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , couid , or might occur . the publisher discioses the receipt of six
thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . al |
factual
information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding
but not | imited to company web sites , sec filings and company press
releases . this information is beiieved to be reliabie but can make no
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may inciude an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reliance on | oans from officers , directors and a
majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to
raise
capital . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this closing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - )