Subject: beloved in christ .
beloved in christ .
it is by the grace of god that i received christ , knowing the truth and the truth have this day set me free . having known the truth , i had no choice than to do what is lawful and right in the sight of god for eternal life and in the sight of man for witness of god ’ s mercy and glory upon my life .
i have the pleasure to share my testimony with you , having seen your contact from the internet . i am mr . frank kingsley , personal assistant to late mr . and mrs . williams , a british couple that lived in my country nigeria for 25 years before they both died in a car accident late last year .
these couples were good christians , they were so dedicated to god but they had no child till they died . throughout their stay in my country , they acquired a lot of properties like lands , house properties , etc .
as their assistance before their death , the husband mr . williams instructed his british lawyer to write his will . because they had no child , they dedicated their wealth to god . according to the will , the properties have to be sold and the money be given out to a ministry in europe , asia and america for the work of god .
as their personal assistant , copies of some of the documents for the properties were in my care while original copies where in the custody of the attorney .
he gave me the authority to sell the properties while the lawyer gives out the fund to the ministries for the work of god .
to cut the story short , we sold all the properties after their death , as instructed by my boss , mr . williams before his death .
and as matter of fact , after we sold all their properties , expectedly realized a huge amount of money that runs into millions of dollars , and what supposed to be his percentage interest of his right legal fee was firstly deducted by me out of the total amount realized from the sold properties , this was based on the initial agreement between him and the owner of the properties before his death .
therefore , the total amount left to be invested into god ' s work as instructed by the owner is $ 12 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twelve million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) only . but instead of giving the main fund out for the work of god as instructed to us by my boss before his death .
i converted the fund to myself with the intention of investing the fund abroad for our personal use . i was afraid of putting the fund in our local bank here due to the recent probe on bank accounts , because i have to give account to the bank on how i got the money .
i had encounter with christ when pastor benny hinn was preaching on television concerning ananias and saphira in acts 5 : 1 - 11 .
after hearing the word of god , i gave my life to christ and became a born again christian .
as a born again christian , i started reading my bible and one day , the lord opened my eyes to ezekiel 33 : 18 and 19 . from the scripture , i discovered that the only way i could have peace in my life is to do what is lawful and right by giving out the fund as instructed for the work of god by my boss .
i have asked god for forgiveness on my initial thought concerning the money , and i know that god have forgiven me . but i have to do what is lawful and right in the sight of god by giving out the fund to the chosen ministry abroad for the purpose of god ' s work as instructed by my boss before his death .
after my fasting and prayers , i asked god to make his choice and direct me to an honest christian that deserves this fund by his grace .
i then came across your address on the internet as i was browsing through a christian site , and as a matter of fact , it is not only you or your ministry that i picked on the christian site initially , but after my fervent prayer over it , then you were nominated through divine revelation from god , so that was how i received a divine revelation from the lord , how i got your contact information , and i then decided to contact you for the fund to be used wisely for things that will glorify the name of god .
i have notified the attorney on my contact to you , i also told him that the security company here have moved the fund abroad to their warehouse london , so if you know that you will use this fund honestly and wisely for things that will glorify god ' s name , then do contact me back , asap .
then you send to me in your reply , your full names , your personal address , your telephone numbers .
this information ’ s will i send to their office here to enable them forward the same to their warehouse officer in london to facilitate the process of the consignment receiver ' s documentation in your name .
your prompt response will be highly appreciated . call me immediately you receive this email .
god bless you .
yours in christ .
mr . frank kingsley
tel : 234 802 3192077
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / www . pariseoboricua . com