Subject: can i trust you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
attn : chairman / director , dear sir , i am mrs . luisa e . maciek a personal secretary to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution ) with its branches all over the world i seek your partnership to accommodate the sum of us $ 4 . 2 m for us . my boss got arrested for his involvement in politics in financing the leading and opposing political party ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which posed treat to president vladimir putin ' s second tenure as russian president before he was re - elected on march 14 , 2004 . you can catch more of the story on this http : / / newsfromrussia . com / main / 2003 / 11 / 13 / 51215 . html the fund ( us $ 4 . 2 m ) in question was approved by the government of russia for payment of various yukos oil contractors / suppliers to prevent them from loosing the money they invested in the numerous contracts they executed for the above firm . the government had already concluded plans to freeze all the accounts in my boss name ( mikhail khodorkovsky ) both corporate and personal before i connived with the accountant general of yukos oil ( who is also my partner in this transaction ) to raise a memo stating that yukos oil owe contractors the above amount which was finally approved for payment after some deliberations . actually , we have paid all our contractors both local and foreign because they agitated for their payment when they had that my boss was arrested . your role : i will present you / your company as one of the contractors we are owing so that you can stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum or part of the fund according to your financial strength or the strength of your company . i will arrange for the documentation which the payee / corresponding bank will need to transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be concluded as soon as possible . you will be rewarded with reasonable percentage of the total sum for your partnership and assistance can you honestly be our partner on this transaction ? if yes do reach me or write at the following email : luisaestrada @ mail 2 cutey . com thank you very much best regards , ms . luisa e . maciek
