Subject: contact me urgently and also your mobile phone number
contact me urgently and also your mobile phone numberstrictly confidential / urgentfrom : mrs . mariam abachaattn : president / ceoplease i will advise you to answer me with my alternative email address ( mariam _ 51 @ tiscali . it ) i am mrs . mariam abacha , the widow of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigerian military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest . since after my husbands death , my family is under restriction of movement and that notwithstanding , we are being molesting ; policing and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian civilian government . furthermore , my elder son is in detention by the nigerian government for more interrogation about my husbands assets and some vital document . following the recent discovery of my husbands bank account by the nigerians government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dutch 450 million was logged . i therefore decided to contact you in confidence that i was above to move out the sum of us $ 23 . 5 million dollars , which was secret and is sealed in two metal boxes for security reasons . i personally therefore appeal to you seriously and religiously for your urgent assistant to move this money into your country where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restriction movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigerian government . once you indicate your interest to assist me in this transaction i will give you my family lawyer contact phone and fax numbers
with the chambers address who will arrange with you for face to face meeting out side nigerian in order to liaise with you toward effective completion of this transaction since my movement is restricted and my telephone conversation is being monitored . however , arrangements have been put in place to move this money out of the country in the secret vault through a security company to abroad and as soon as you indicate your interest , mylawyer shall send you the air bill of the luggage and other related documents so that you can help to claim the luggage . conclusively , we have agreed to offer you 30 % of the total sum , while 60 % is to be held on trust by you until we decide on a
suitable business investment in your country and more also 10 % is mapped out for internal and external expenses . subsequent to our free movement by the nigerian government . please , reply urgently and treat with absolute confidentiality and sincerity . best regards , mrs . mariam abacha - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? enam?rate ! encuentra en wanadoo amor y amistad a esa persona especialhttp : / / match . wanadoo . es / match / mt . cfm ? pg = channel & tcid = 202920