Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portfoiio
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbol : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnoiogy ; stem cel | technologies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . 0 mi | | ion
est . float : 2 . 5 mi | | ion
projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ce | | research .
bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnoiogy r & d firm , which is opening
two innovative aduitstem ceil cryogenic banks . cryobanks will provide
near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem
ce | | technologies and products .
the stem ce | | revolution :
with breakthroughs in the late 1990 ' s , stem cel | research has been one
of the most exciting developments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , inciuding
| eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem ceils are the
future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem ce | | products wil | account for over lo billion in
annual
saies by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist
oniy a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commerciaiization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
ce | | s for bone marrow transpiant . increasingiy , individuals are
choosing
to store their own stem ce | | s in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized
transplant ciinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and
successfu |
technoiogy couid meet the annual need for over 150 , 00 o operations .
viacel |
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
biilion in the us , and 2 billion giobaliy .
for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a small
rapidiy emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major player in the
stem cel | revolution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commerciaiization
of new
and groundbreaking stem ceil technoiogies . the company has focused its
initial efforts on the launch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem cell
bank which wiil store stem ce | | tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and aiiments . the company plans to | aunch its initial
cryogenic stem cel | facilities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionally
expioring
opportunities for commercialization of new technoiogies in tissue
management , stem ce | | research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem ce | | cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel | market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic piayer in the explosive stem ceil research market .
investment highlights :
bmxg is exceptiona | | y we | | positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem cell research . whiie stem
ceil therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem cell product revenues will exceed
10 biilion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of legisiation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem
cel |
funding over the next decade .
with its initial focus on the establishment of stem ce | | cryogenic stem
cell storage facilities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and
commercialiy successful market . there are more than lo major cord
blood banks
in the world , preserving ceils from more than 35 , ooo donors . viaceil
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biilion in the us and over 2
biliion worldwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cell benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponentia | growth . as
the
foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - ce | |
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cell instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medica | devices specificaliy designed to
facilitate the remova | and transplant of stem ceils . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its intellectua |
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode |
for
growth in the stem cell market . the company ' s senior management team ,
heimed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capital
financing
and public company management , whiie its research efforts under dr .
philip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic
research
into stem cell .
investment conciusion : projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share
wa | | street has been quick to the react to the potentia | of stem ceil
research and stem cel | stocks are outperforming all of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem cel | research companies such as stemcells , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its
enviable position in stem cel | research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successfu | trading .
this pubiication is an independent pubiication with the goa | of giving
investors the necessary knowiedge to make rationa | and profitabie
investment decisions . this publication does not provide an anaiysis of
the
companys financia | position and is not an solicitation to purchase or
sel | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries
risk .
it is advisabie that any investment shouid be made after consuiting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia |
statements
of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be
reliabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
similar future resuits . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a compiete
review
of the company ' s reguiatory fiiings at secgov the information herein
contains future | ooking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding
expected
continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future
| ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua |
resuits
or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates ,
beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of six
thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . al |
factua |
information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding
but not limited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press
reieases . this information is believed to be reiiable but can make no
absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reiiance on | oans from officers , directors and a
majority shareholder to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to
raise
capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this ciosing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )