Subject: this wi | | run higher with trade volume way up
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
miilennium national events , inc . - symbol : mnei
millenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , clear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox
broadcasting , nbc
| oca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . miilennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to
acquire
all of the outstanding shares of mi | | ennium nationa | imports , inc . , a
texas company .
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 50
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is rea | | y
possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wiil see why )
miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the world of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which
owns ,
partiaily or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events
and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in
live entertainment , including sports and music . whiie miilennium
nationa |
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 50
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really
possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wi | | see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstca | | / - - miilennium
national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has
entered
into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miliennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miilennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering
into
acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . " basicaliy we ' re both from the same industry , and together i
believe
we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , "
said robert mcailister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of
each individua | event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being abie to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the international television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcallister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | millennium itc inciudes top
americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambill and james biake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 ,
two - time
miilennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo mello ( brazi | ) . the tournament still hoids two wiidcards that
can
be offered to other top players in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , "
or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to
investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises al | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
emai | .
none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind
of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ
from
the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and
uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materialiy from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | sha | | constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was
paid
$ 5260 o from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are
our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include
terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 015 @ yahoo . com - )