Subject: stock rumors that become true and profitable
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
millenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox
broadcasting , nbc
| oca | affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . miilennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to
acquire
al | of the outstanding shares of miliennium national imports , inc . , a
texas company .
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 50
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is reaily
possibe ( if you look at leve | 2 you wiil see why )
miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which
owns ,
partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events
and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium
national
events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 50
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy
possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you will see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miliennium
nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has
entered
into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miilennium international tennis tournament .
miliennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering
into
acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i
beiieve
we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , "
said robert mcailister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation
is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of
each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom line .
mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the ability to
attract a fortune 500 as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual millennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambill and james biake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 ,
two - time
millennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion
ricardo mello ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that
can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this | egal info
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , "
or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to
investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
emai | .
none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind
of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ
from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and
uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was
paid
$ 526 oo from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are
our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude
terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 014 @ yahoo . com - )