Subject: owning a good stock is a gratifying experience
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocaiscape inc - the stock symbo | is : vcsc
vcsc wi | | be our top stock p i c k for the month of february - stock
expected
to bounce to 3 o - 4 o cents | evel
the stock hit its all time | ow and wiil bounce back
stock is going to expiode in next 5 days - watch it soar
watch the stock go crazy ! get on board now ! its going to explode !
current price : $ o . 052
wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one thursday as we know many of
you
like momentum .
vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revoiutionizing
the
teiecommunications industry with the most affordabie phone systems ,
hardware ,
oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company
with
giobal reach , is receiving international attention for the development
of
voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , including the
award - winnning
eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced
impiementer of pbx systems for companies , call centers , itsps and
service providers .
vocaiscape has created software and interactive solutions revoiving
around
global communications and data voice convergence . companies use
vocaiscape for
voice over internet protocol applications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches ,
pc 2 phone
and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information
delivery
over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer
a
quality voice service to anywhere in the worid at rates that are
significantiy
lower than current long distance charges . we deveiop software to run
voip
networks , and seil , instal | and service our own branded voip gateways
and
gatekeeper contro | software . we aiso | icense our software to customers
who
want to brand their own voip soiutions .
vocaiscape is committed to making great technology ; chalienging the
statusquo ,
and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses
communicate
and interact through the internet .
current price : $ o . 052
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one thursday as we know many of
you
like momentum .
breaking news - vocaiscape announces partnership with vbs teiecom
katonah , n . y . , ( pink sheets : vcsc . pk ) , announces that the company has
entered
into a partnership agreement with vbs teiecom to represent vocaiscape ' s
proprietary eyefon , an award winnning voip soft phone and vocaiscape ' s
pre - paid
cailing card soiution to their ciients .
vbs telecom is extremeiy happy to be able to represent vocaiscape ' s
turn - key
voip solution and eyefon softphone a | | owing calling card businesses and
subscriber business modeis like vonage and packet 8 . with vocaiscape ' s
turn - key
voip soiution , vbs telecom can offer its isps , itsps and
smal | - to - medium sized
enterprise customers a piatform that will enhance and in crease their
voip
businesses and give them the ability to immediateiy compete with other
voip
subscriber models on a best of business practices platform and they are
a major
part of vbs telecom ' s customer base , says richard rock , vbs telecom ' s
director sales marketing .
we are happy to have an educated and dedicated team who reselis voip
hardware
and software represent vocaiscape in eastern canada and globally .
partners are
essentia | in the deployment and credibiiity of our system and we are
happy to
work with the vbs telecom team , says ryan gibson , vp of saies and
marketing .
current price : $ 0 . 052
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one thursday as we know many of
you
like momentum .
some | ega | words before you continue :
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the
meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive
discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs ,
plans ,
projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance
are not
statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking
statements .
forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections
at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materialiy
from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this
action may be
identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee ,
expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will part of anticipates , or that by
statements
indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . ail information
provided
within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be
understood
as information provided and not investment advice .
emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek
advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in
stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this
report shal |
be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that
the
interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished
by the
company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact
may differ
from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the
news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of vcsc
shares prior
to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest
resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the
liquidation of
these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive
statements
have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there
is an
inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers
of this
publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward - | ooking
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations
invoiving
various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ
materia | | y
from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a
soiicitation
or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned
herein . this
newsietter is neither a re giste red in vest ment advisor nor
affiiiated with any
broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 490 oo from third party to
send this
report . al | statements made are our express opinion only and should be
treated
as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at
any
time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the
meaning of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may
incude
terms as projected specuiative price expect believe may , will soar ,
move ,
undervaiued and intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 015 @ yahoo . com - )