Subject: final notice
hi there ,
get the lowest home ioan r [ a ] tes , while you can .
home ioan r [ a ] tes are still dropping , but for how much longer ?
this service is * f * r * e * e * .
our technology searches over 968 le nders and we match you instantly with up to 4 competing le nders .
http : / / www . quikmort . info
i made my original programs available to the teachers around me . they were getting the same kind of success . i finally decided i had to make my noun program available to teachers and parents around the nation . we have been working on it for over 2 years . many of you have waited patiently . thank you for your patience .
mark at 27 months looked ? normal ? . he came from a good family who provided lots of stimulation . mark had one word - - ' ba ' as in ' ball . ' everything was ' ba . ' after a few days of orientation in the classroom , i presented the computer . the first day he sat at the computer for 20 minutes and pressed the ball , bus , bee on the intellikeys keyboard over and over again . he then looked at me and pointed to the ball and said ? ba ? then he pointed to the bee and said ' be ' and the bus and said ' bu . ' i was astonished and his mother started to cry .
brian was a boy with down ' s syndrome . he was taking several medications . brian came from a nurturing family and extended family who provided him with every opportunity . his mother was a teacher and wanted what was best for him . he exhibited no language and was considerably behind his other friends with down ? s syndrome . we set up a noun program at school . at first he seemed disinterested . he looked at the pictures and sucked his thumb . the more we encouraged him to engage the keyboard , the more he sucked his thumb . we then paired him with a child who was very interested in the noun program . suddenly the two were fighting over who was next to pick a picture . he worked several times a week at the computer . at his 3 - year iep , the team shook their heads . they didn ' t understand . despite the track record of many students with down ? s syndrome , brian ' s language was his best skill . i smiled and his mother winked at me .
we are discreet sheep ; we wait to see how the drove is going , and then go with the drove . - mark twain [ samuel langhornne clemens ] ( 1835 - 1910 )
