Subject: discover how sex should be !
fact :
in a poll conducted by a conglomerate of major condom manufacturers over 80 % of
women are
unsatisfied with their partners size and sexual performance .
solution :
by taking natural rapid growth formula you will be able to control how big you
get .
a huge healthy manhood is the basis of attraction and aptitude for women .
there is no reason that you shouldn ' t have a few inches on the competition ! !
want to more details ? ? ? ?
press here
when viewed straight on , the motorola
razr v 3 looks no different from many flip phones . in fact , with its
brushed - silver coloring and rectangular shape , it almost leaves you wondering
exactly what the big deal is . turn the handset on its side , however , and the wow
factor begins . measuring 3 . 8 by 2 . 0 blowing out another ' s candle will not make yours shine brighter . by 0 . 5 inches and weighing 3 . 3 ounces , the
razr v 3 is so pocket - friendly and portable that it ' s smaller than many wallets .
it also feels light - - almost too light - - in the hand , and its distinctive styling
is sure to win looks conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct . ( thomas carlyle ) on the street and in the boardroom . fortunately , motorola
did not compromise a solid construction for the cutting - edge design , and the
burly hinge ensures the phone snaps open and shut with authority . we couldn ' t
help noticing the v 3 is wider and bit taller than many flip phones , but its
paper - thin profile more than makes up for it .
wide load : the razr v 3 isn ' t small in
all ways .
a postage - stamp - size external display
supports 4 , 000 colors and shows the time , battery life , signal strength , and
caller id ( where available ) . though it can be viewed in most lighting
situations , it goes completely dark when the backlighting - - which cannot be
changed - - turns off . above the screen and well out of the way of fingers is the
vga camera lens . you don ' t some books have table of contents ; others have no contents . ( melchor f . cichon ) get a flash or a self - portrait mirror , but the
external screen acts as a viewfinder when the flip is closed . controls on the
outside of the phone are few . a voice - recorder button sits on the right side of
the front flap , while a volume rocker and a dedicated camera key sit on the
left ; when the phone is open , before we set our hearts too much upon anything , let us examine how happy they are who already possess it . ( francois de la rochefoucauld ) the camera button acts as a third soft key . as
they are on the side of the phone , the buttons are rather thin , but we had no
trouble finding them by feel . the secret of happiness is to admire without desire . butcher ' s window : let me meat your needs . beautiful young people are acts of nature , but beautiful old people are works of art . some people drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge , while some others only gargle .
those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart , don ' t know how to laugh either . ( golda meir ) habits lead to character . a banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining , and who asks for it back when it start to rain . no individual raindrop ever considers itself responsible for the flood . some of the world ' s greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible . ( doug larson )
some things that cost $ 5 to buy several years ago now costs $ 10 just to repair . since i have smashed my denominational glasses , i have a better vision of who christ is . the real measure of your wealth is how much you ' d be worth if you lost all your money . ( bernard meltzer )
chocolate covered raisins , cherries , orange slices & strawberries all count as fruit , so eat as many as you want .
not everything that counts can be counted , and not everything that can be counted counts . ( sign hanging in albert einstein ' s office at princeton )
