Subject: joint venture ( please , respond immediately )
from : barrister samson ajayi malolo
philip ajayi law firm
legal practitioners
nigeria .
dear sir / madam ,
compliments of the season . grace , peace and love from
this part of the atlantic to you . i hope my letter
does not cause you too much embarrassment as i write to you in good
faith . based on the contact address given to me by a friend who
works at the nigerian chamber of commerce attached to your embassy
in my country .
please excuse my intrusion into your private life .
please before you start to read my mail go through
this link
i am barrister samson ajayi malolo , i represent mohammed
abacha , son of the late gen . sani abacha , who was
the former military head of state in nigeria . he died
in 1998 .
since his death , the family has been loosing a lot of
moneydue to vindictive government officials who are
bent on dealing with the family .
consequently , the family has asked me to seek for a
foreign partner who can work with us as to move out
the total sum of us $ 75 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( seventy five
million united states dollars ) , presently in their
possession . this money was of course , acquired by
the late president and is now kept secretly by the
family . the swiss government has already frozen all
the accounts of the family in switzerland ,
and some other countries would soon follow to do
the same . this bid by some government officials
to deal with this family has made it necessary
that we seek your assisitance in receiving this
money and in investing it on behalf of the
family .
this must be a joint venture transaction and we must
all work together . since this money is still cash , extra
security measures have been taken to protect it from
theft or seizure , pending when agreement is reached
on when to move to europe . i have personally
worked out all modalities for the peaceful conclusion
of this transaction . the transaction definitely would be
handled in phases and the first phase will involve
the moving of us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty five million
united states dollars ) .
my clients are willing to give you a reasonable
percentage of this money as soon as the transaction
is concluded . i will , however , based on the grounds
that you are willing to work with us and also all
contentious issues discussed before the
commencement of this transaction . you may also
discuss your percentage before we start to work .
as soon as i hear from you , i will give you all
necessary details as to how we intend to carry out
the whole transaction . please , do not entertain any
fears , as all necessary modalities are in place ,
and i assure you of all success and safety in
this transaction .
please , this transaction requires absolute
confidentiality and you would be expected to
treat it as such until the funds are moved
out of this country to where you intend to receive
them .
in compliance with this you are to forward to me the
following details : your complete names and addrress ,
confidential telephone and fax numbers , this
is to enable me perfect all the necessary documentation
with the security firm and move this money across to europe .
please , you will also ignore this letter and respect
ourtrust in you by not exposing this transaction ,
even if you are not interested .
edeavour to respond through this my confidential email
address :
philipajayi @ web - mail . com . ar
i look forwards to working with you .
thank you .
truly yours
barrister samson ajayi malolo
® ¥ Î·?‚ ® ? ° ﬂ„Ù ° ?„ web mail ·¸ﬁ ° ?Ë? ß ‚ﬁµÏ ÁÙ ∑ ‚?ÂÒ‚‡ ∑ § ﬁÙ § ® Òﬁ ∑ ﬂ¯„ı http : / / www . autochan . in . th