Subject: bless you dear
from : mrs . esther alan buch ,
please endeavour to use it for the children of god .
i am the above named person from malaysia but now undergoing medical treatment
. i am married to late dr . alan george buch who worked with malaysia embassy
in south africa for nine years before he died in the year 2003 . we were
married for eleven years without a child .
he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his
death we were both born again christians . since his death i decided not to
re - marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the bible is against .
i got your contact from a christian journal . when my late husband was alive
he deposited the sum of $ 8 . 6 million ( eight million six hundred thousand u . s .
dollars ) in my name with one finance / security company in europe . presently ,
this money is still with the financial company in europe .
recently , my doctor told me that i would not last for the next four months
due to cancer problem though what disturbs me most is my stroke . having known
my condition i decided to donate this fund to church or better still a christian
individual that will utilize this money the way i am
going to instruct here in . i want a church or individual that will use this
to fund churches , orphanages propagating the word of god and to ensure that
the house of god is maintained . the bible made us to understand that blessed
is the hand that giveth . i took this decision because i don ' t have any child
that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians
and i don ' t want my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers .
i don ' t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner ,
hence the reason for taking this bold decision . i am not afraid of death
hence i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in the bosom
of the lord . exodus 14 vs 14 says , ' that the lord will fight my case and
i
shall hold my peace ' . i don ' t need any telephone communication in this regard
because of my health , and because of the presence of my husband ' s relatives
around me always . i don ' t want them to know about this development . with
god all things are possible .
as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the finance / security
company in europe . i will also issue you a letter of authority through my
attorney that will empower you as the original - beneficiary of this fund .
i want you and the church to always pray for me because the lord is my shepherd .
my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . whoever that wants
to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . please always be prayerful
all through your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing
for a church or christian individual for this same purpose . please assure
me that you will act accordingly as i stated herein . hoping to hear from
and remain blessed in the name of the lord .
yours in christ ,
mrs . esther alan buch .
please reply back to this e - mail : : : : estheralanbuch 444 @ hotmail . com