Subject: from frank
from : mr frank nkosi
tel : + 277 610 00101
dear sir ,
an urgent business proposal
i am pleased to get across to you for a very urgent and profitable business proposal , though i don ' t know you neither have i seen you before but my confidence was reposed on you when the chief executive of south african chamber of commerce and industry handed me your contact for a confidential business .
i am the manager of absa bank , sandton city branch johannesburg south africa . , the intended business is thus ; we had a customer , a foreigner ( a turkish ) resident in south africa , he was a contractor with one of the government parastatals . he has in his account in my branch the sum of us $ 27 million ( twenty seven million u . s . dollars ) . unfortunately , the man died seven years ago together with his children and wife in a plane crash , may there soul rest in peace , until today non - of his next of kin has come forward to claim the money . having noticed this , i in collaboration with two other top officials of the bank we have covered up the account all this while . if nobody shows up as the next of kin to our said late customer , the corrupt government of my country will order us to put this money into the goverment tresuary , but will only at the end put it in their private pockets .
now we want you ( being a foreigner ) to be fronted as one of his next of kin and forward your account and other relevant documents to be advised to you by us to attest to the claim . we will use our positions to get all internal documentations to back up the claims the whole procedures will last only ten working days to get the fund retrieved successfully without trace even in future . your response is only what we are waiting for as we have arranged all necessary things as soon as this message comes to you kindly get back to me indicating your interest then i will furnish you with the whole procedures to ensure that the deal is successfully concluded for your assistance we have agreed to give you thirty percent ( 30 % ) of the total sum at the end of the transaction . i am assuring you that there is no risk in this transaction . also all correspondence towards this transaction will be through telephone and fax . i await your earliest response .
thanks ,
yours sincerely
mr . frank nkosi
please do call me on phone number + 277 610 00101 as soon as you receive this mail .