Subject: the greatest is love
dear friend ,
as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i
believe everyone will die someday .
my name is umaru aliyu , a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been
diagnosed with esophageal cancer caring for my health . it has defiled
all forms of medicine , and right now i have only about a few months to
live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my
life so well , as i never really cared for anyone not even myself but my
business .
though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to
people and only focus on my business as that was the only thing i cared
for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life
than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe
when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god
has called me , i have willed and given most of my properties and assets
to my immediate and extended family members and as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i did on earth .
so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the
u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so
badly , i cannot do this my self any more . i once asked members of my
family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i
have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused
and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seems not to be contended with what i have left for them .
the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of
twenty four million dollars $ 24 , 000 , 000 , that i have with a
bank / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this
deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . please indicate your
intention to help through this email address
( aliyuumaru @ mail 2 world . com ) immediately .
and always remember that i have set aside 20 % for you for your time
and patience . i await your urgent response to this request . thanks may
god bless you and your family ( amen ) .
thanks
regards
mr umaru aliyu
este mail ha sido enviado desde donde los alvarado - http : / / www . alvarado . cl