Subject: confidentail and urgent
from : mrs mariam abacha
abuja - nigeria .
email : abachafamily 557 @ katamail . com
attn : sir / madam ,
it is my pleasure to contact you in a situation like this , i know that
the content of this letter might be a surprise to you , but even though
we hardly know each other , but i believe that you can help me .
i am mrs . mariam abacha , the widow of the late gen . sanni abacha former
nigerian military head of
state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest .
since my husbands death , my family has been under restriction of
movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested , policed and
our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian
government . all this is because the present nigerian president was put
in prison by my husband when he was found guilty of plotting a coup to
over - throw my husband . all my husband friends refuse to come to our
aid because of fear of the president and for governmental positions
which he had offered them .
following the recent discovery of my husbands bank account by the
nigerian government with swiss
bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dm 450 million was
logged . i therefore decided to
contact you in confidence that l was able to move out the sum of
us $ 30 . 8 million dollars , which
was secretly sealed in two metal boxes for security reasons and was
deposited with a safe deposit company outside nigeria through their
diplomatic service for safe keeping .
please you can visit these websites and read more about my late
husband and you will understand
what i am telling you .
i personally appeal to you seriously and religiously for your urgent
assistance to move this money into your country where l believe it
will be safe since l cannot leave the country due
to the restriction of movement imposed on the members of my family by
the nigeria government .
i have made necessary arrangement with an attorney who will arrange
all the documents that covers this consignment , you will have to met
with him the security company were this consignment will be release to
you , and liaise with you towards effective completion of this money
out of the country . once you indicate your interest towards assisting
us , i will direct you to the attorney who shall send you the contact
information of the company together with secret code of the
consignment and other related documents that will help you claim the
consignment .
conclusively , we have agreed to offer you 20 % of the total sum while
75 % is to be held on trust by you until we regain our freedom from the
nigerian government and 5 % for any expenses that you will make during
this transaction . also we have decided to
establish a mutual business investments with our own share in your
country in which you will monitor on our behalf subsequent to our free
movement by the nigerian government .
please kindly reply to this email address urgently and treat this
transaction with absolute confidentiality and sincerity .
best regards .
mrs . mariam abacha
please reply to : abachafamily 557 @ katamail . com