Subject: re : respond immediately for time essence
good day ,
this mail will definitely be coming to you as a
surprise , but i must crave your indulgence to
introduce myself to you . i am mr . mohammed hud
banguru , brother inlaw ( brother to one of his wives )
to late president gnassingbe eyadema of the lome ,
togo in west africa .
i am a sierra leonian by birth and i am presently
in lome , togo , where the living conditions are
unbearable due to the present political situation
of the country . i do not wish to take your time
with a lenghty mail but i have to put this proposal
to you so that you can assist me . while i was still
in contact with president eyadema gnassingbe , he made
a deposit in my name to a security firm in europe ,
which has an affiliate branch in london without no
person awareness even faure gnassingbe his son
who is now the present president .
you can visit the web pages for more info below :
this deposit was made in my name and the secret
code and necessary documents are presently in
the possession of my cousin presently in london
refugee camp . this deposit was made in the form
of a consigment and the content is a considerable
huge amount of money in united state dollars which
i cannot disclose to you for security purposes ,
until you have confirmed your willingness to
assist me .
i would be pleased and grateful to you if you
could assist me in collecting this consignment
on my behalf from the security firm in europe ,
upon which i will be offering you a percentage
for your efforts .
my cousin , in london , will arrange an authority
to release and in your name which you will tender
to the security firm coupled with all necessary
documents that will back up your claims in
collecting this consignment on my behalf .
i have to stop here now as your response will
determine our subsequent corresspondence . please
feel free to dis - regard this proposal if it is
not in line with your principles .
please respond this mail for confidentiality
below :
mohammedhudbanguru @ web - mail . com . ar
you should be very confidential with this my proposal
because if mr . faure gnassingbe who is now the present
president of togo , togo government agencies , or anybody
get to know of this venture , he will use all arsenal
within his power to confisticate this fund to himself .
i await your positive response with your names ,
address , telephone numbes and confidential email address ,
so that we can proceed at once .
regards ,
mohammed hud banguru
ере збсузбй гсубй гд гжёъ яЁсзг
http : / / kafrram . com