Subject: use our proven technology and tools to achieve financial success
high income processing money judgments .
your office and be anywhere .
begin now for early retirement .
you decide how much you work .
six figure income .
excellent training and support .
more information or to un - subscribe or to see our address .
testimonial from donna f . , in california ; i am so glad this business was
available to me . i have worked in many fields , but always for other people
and for the salary they thought i was worth . what i really wanted was a
chance to work for myself and get the respect and pay i deserved . i also
wanted to find a way to balance my personal life with my business life .
furthermore , since my husband is a teacher and has time off during the
summer , i wanted to be able to take time off when he is off . i am pleased to
tell you that since i began my judgment recovery business through you , i
have been able to reach all of these goals . i have to admit that i had
doubts about it . when i first heard of collecting judgments for others , i
thought no one would want to pay me to do this for them , or that i would
have to work at it long and hard and get little compensation , or that i did
not have the expertise to make a business of this . it just seemed too good
to be true . at first , i worked at another job and could only spend about 4
hours each week on my business . but i decided to stick it out and see what i
could do and now i am so glad i did ! i work strictly from my home and i am
happy to tell you that i have a steady monthly income , that i get to take
time off with my husband as well as to pursue my hobbies and family matters ,
and that i don ' t spend long hours slaving away to make a living any more . my
clients are thrilled to pay the percentage i ask . last month i made 2 , 000 us
clear on one case alone . that , of course , has encouraged me to double my
efforts . finally , i want to emphasize how much i appreciate your continued
support . every time i e - mail or call you with a new question ( i keep
learning new things - that is also a plus to this business ) , you tell me
what to do or check it out for me . it is so nice to know that i have an
expert to call . thank you so much for being there for me .
the next moment he was sound asleep , sprawling upon his back in the shade
and slumbering as peacefully as an infant . and while he lay motionless three
men dropped in quick succession from the top of the city wall and hid among
the low bushes , crawling noiselessly from one to another and so approaching ,
by degrees , the little group of trees
they were turks , and had been sent by those in authority within the city to
climb the tallest tree of the group and discover if the enemy was near