Subject: profiled co . sees higher earnings
dbsj could see eight dollars a share again ! ! ! !
this could be the next salesforce or siebel systems both trading above nine
dollars a share ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
dbsj volume surging due to recent company campaign release
we don ' t know what dbsj has in the works , but if the trading activity is any
indication , dbsj could be moving much higher in the short term . investment
analysis below
ticker : dbsj
current price : . 15 cents
investment anaysis
database solutions , inc . ( stock symbol dbsj )
recommendations : strong buy
long - term outlook : excellent
dbsj projects $ 1 . 5 million in revenue from 2005 media and print advertising
campaign now underway
database solutions , inc ( dbsj ) database solutions , inc . is a technology and
marketing company in the on - demand customer relationship management ( crm )
industry and the software developer of agent intelligence . database
solutions agent intelligence ' s proprietary browser - based software was
designed specifically for the insurance industry to provide backend
administration of insurance policies , client tracking and client
marketing / selling strategies for an entire insurance brokerage or insurance
company . the company ' s family of products includes a comprehensive suite of
crm applications to help enterprises of all sizes , industries and
geographies meet the complex challenge of sharing and managing information
on - demand .
the industry
dbsj is much like salesforce . com ( nyse : crm ) and siebel systems ( nasdaq : sebl )
which are currently both trading at more than 9 dollars a share . the
insurance industries are moving to on - demand , which is the main focus of
dbsj ' s business development plan , dbsj may become a marketing and technology
leader in on - demand customer relationship management . their main target is
the insurance industry which is a multi - billion dollar industry . according
to idc , the training alone for customer relationship management will grow to
11 billion by the end of this year . all market conditions appear to indicate
huge growth potential in the short - term .
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking
statements . " please be advised that nothing within this email shall
constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned
herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor
affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter is not affiliated with
database solutions , inc . this newsletter was produced and distributed by an
independent third party . this newsletter was compensated 7500 dollars to
express and distribute these opinion through mass media channels . all
statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such .
we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or
similar terms . please do your own due diligence before investing in any
profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . please
consult your stock broker or financial advisor before purchasing any penny
stocks .