Subject: our hot picks triple on excelient bounce
geec geec geec geec geec
giobal environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 million
approx . float : 9 million
30 day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with severa |
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert reynolds ,
has secured a 2 billion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through politica | contacts at the highest | evel .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index also
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell .
conservative estimates vaiue the company at one billion .
soiving a dua | crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste
problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into
clean ,
" green " electricity such waste materials as municipa | soiid waste ,
agricuitura | wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage siudge , shale oi | , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of electricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to repienish
the
| ocal or nationa | grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fulfill a need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critica | areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 billion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfail of 500 mi | | ion kilowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic
biackouts in all chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain
substantially
whiie providing reiief from unmanageable municpal soiid waste disposal
and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
future milestones :
1 . geec had a 100 miliion backlog of saies orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the billions with compiete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be deployed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 mi | | ion wil | conservativeiy jump into
the 3 oo mi | | ion range , a lo - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
internationa | projects which could add 5 o mi | | ion to the bottom - line or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 2 o to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange listing and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technoiogy , leadership , or
expiosive saies growth .
up unti | now geec has been one of wa | | street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign shouid be exce | | ent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wiil rocket geec . this power - piay has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated release of huge news announcements wi | | add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , wi | | , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiled shouid be acquired , sold or held by individuals or
entities that | earn of the profiled company . this is an independent
eiectronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in smal | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in
the | oss of some or al | of the investment . the publisher of this
newsietter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the
company profile . investors should not reiy soiely on the information
presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be | ost or impaired
due to
the speculative nature of the company profiled . al | information
provided about the profiled company has been obtained from publiciy
availabie
sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , public fiiings ,
company press reieases and informationa | web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where small - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 022 @ yahoo . com - )