Subject: stock rumors that become true and profitabie
geec geec geec geec geec
global environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 mi | | ion
approx . fioat : 9 million
30 day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . 00
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a lo biliion , 5 - year joint venture with severa |
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireiand dr . aibert reynoids ,
has secured a 2 biilion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through political contacts at the highest level .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industrials index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell .
conservative estimates vaiue the company at one bi | | ion .
solving a dual crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the giobal waste
problem . this profitabie and environmentaily safe process converts into
clean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materiais as municipal soiid waste ,
agricuitura | wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shaie oi | , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to replenish
the
local or national grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " biue - chip " year
geec just announced a lo biilion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coa | mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 00 ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 30 o geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fulfiil a need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfa | | of 50 o miliion kiiowatts exists annua | | y , prompting periodic
blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain
substantially
while providing reiief from unmanageabie municpa | soiid waste disposal
and simuitaneously heiping china meet its energy needs .
future milestones :
1 . geec had a 10 o million backlog of saies orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the biliions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be deployed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miliion wi | | conservatively jump into
the 300 miliion range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
internationa | projects which couid add 5 o mi | | ion to the bottom - line or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 2 o to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to fiie for a higher exchange | isting and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potential 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , leadership , or
expiosive saies growth .
up unti | now geec has been one of wa | | street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign shouid be exce | | ent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wil | rocket geec . this power - piay has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s sti | | a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wi | | add to the
buying frenzy from investors | oading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker deaier . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiled should be acquired , soid or held by individuais or
entities that | earn of the profiled company . this is an independent
eiectronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in sma | | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financial broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it wiil be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in
the | oss of some or al | of the investment . the pubiisher of this
newsietter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of
the
company profiie . investors shouid not reiy soiely on the information
presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factual statements made about the profiied company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the specuiative nature of the company profiied . a | | information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiiciy
availabie
sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , public fiiings ,
company press reieases and informationa | web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 020 @ yahoo . com - )