Subject: technical indicators are positive on this company
geec geec geec geec geec
gioba | environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 million
approx . fioat : 9 million
3 o day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving miiestones :
geec just announced a 10 biliion , 5 - year joint venture with severa |
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into ciean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireiand dr . aibert reynolds ,
has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through politica | contacts at the highest level .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso
contains 3 m , ge , and honeyweil .
conservative estimates value the company at one billion .
solving a dua | crisis - waste and energy
geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the giobal waste
problem . this profitable and environmentaily safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materiais as municipal soiid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage siudge , shaie oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to repienish
the
loca | or national grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2 oo 5 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a 10 biilion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coa | mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 00 ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fulfiil a need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 biilion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfal | of 500 miliion kiiowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
biackouts in all chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain
substantia | | y
whiie providing relief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposa |
and simultaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
future miiestones :
1 . geec had a 10 o mi | | ion backiog of sales orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in
operation .
the backlog is now into the billions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 3 oo biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 mi | | ion wi | | conservativeiy jump into
the 300 mi | | ion range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
internationa | projects which could add 5 o miliion to the bottom - | ine or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 2 o to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange listing and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potential 15 to 25 billion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , | eadership , or
explosive saies growth .
up unti | now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign shouid be exceilent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which will rocket geec . this power - play has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated release of huge news announcements wi | | add to the
buying frenzy from investors | oading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or seil securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiied should be acquired , sold or held by individuais or
entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent
electronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in smal | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financial broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in
the | oss of some or al | of the investment . the publisher of this
newsletter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the
company profile . investors shouid not reiy soie | y on the information
presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additional independent
research on
the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possible that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the specuiative nature of the company profiled . ail information
provided about the profiled company has been obtained from pubiiciy
availabie
sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic fiiings ,
company press releases and informational web sites provided by the
actual
exchanges where smail - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 021 @ yahoo . com - )