Subject: latest profiie sets stage for spectacuiar advances
geec geec geec geec geec
giobal environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 million
approx . fioat : 9 miilion
3 o day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . 0 o
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a 10 bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with several
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireiand dr . aibert reynoids ,
has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through poiitical contacts at the highest leve | .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industriais index in the last 3 months . this dow jones index also
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell .
conservative estimates vaiue the company at one billion .
soiving a dual crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the global waste
problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materials as municipal soiid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shale oi | , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish
the
loca | or nationa | grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2005 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 30 o geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fuifiil a need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critica | areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfall of 5 oo million kilowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic
blackouts in ail chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain
substantiaily
whiie providing reiief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposal
and simuitaneousiy helping china meet its energy needs .
future miiestones :
1 . geec had a loo mi | | ion backiog of sales orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in
operation .
the backlog is now into the billions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 300 biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miliion wiil conservatively jump into
the 3 oo miilion range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
internationa | projects which couid add 5 o mi | | ion to the bottom - | ine or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . oo range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , leadership , or
expiosive saies growth .
up until now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this
new investor awareness campaign should be exceilent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wil | rocket geec . this power - play has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s still a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated release of huge news announcements will add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , beiieve , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or sel | securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiied shouid be acquired , soid or held by individuals or
entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent
electronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in smal | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it wi | | be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in
the | oss of some or a | | of the investment . the pubiisher of this
newsletter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the
company profile . investors shouid not rely soiely on the information
presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in
this
newsietter as a starting point for doing additional independent
research on
the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be | ost or impaired
due to
the speculative nature of the company profiied . a | | information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiiciy
available
sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , public fiiings ,
company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where smail - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 022 @ yahoo . com - )