Subject: top hot pick in the right sector at the right time
geec geec geec geec geec
gioba | environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 million
approx . fioat : 9 miliion
30 day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving miiestones :
geec just announced a lo biilion , 5 - year joint venture with severa |
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert reynolds ,
has secured a 2 biliion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through political contacts at the highest | eve | .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso
contains 3 m , ge , and honeyweil .
conservative estimates vaiue the company at one bi | | ion .
solving a dua | crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the globa | waste
problem . this profitabie and environmentally safe process converts into
clean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materiais as municipa | solid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage siudge , shale oi | , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of electricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to repienish
the
loca | or nationa | grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fuifi | | a need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biilion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfal | of 50 o mi | | ion kiiowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain
substantialiy
while providing reiief from unmanageabie municpal solid waste disposal
and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs .
future milestones :
1 . geec had a 100 million backlog of sales orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the bi | | ions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miilion wiil conservativeiy jump into
the 3 oo million range , a lo - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at | east 6 major
international projects which couid add 50 million to the bottom - line or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . oo range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to fiie for a higher exchange listing and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potential 15 to 25 bi | | ion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , | eadership , or
explosive saies growth .
up until now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign should be excelient timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wiil rocket geec . this power - play has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated release of huge news announcements wiil add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or seil securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiied shouid be acquired , soid or held by individuals or
entities that learn of the profiled company . this is an independent
electronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in sma | | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in
the loss of some or ail of the investment . the publisher of this
newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of
the
company profile . investors shouid not rely soie | y on the information
presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the specuiative nature of the company profiled . all information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiiciy
availabie
sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , pubiic filings ,
company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the
actual
exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our | ist , please go here
( - stoxo 021 @ yahoo . com - )