Subject: hot penny pick fueled by high demand
geec geec geec geec geec
globa | environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 million
approx . fioat : 9 miilion
3 o day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving miiestones :
geec just announced a 10 bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with several
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into ciean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynoids ,
has secured a 2 biilion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through poiitica | contacts at the highest leve | .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industrials index in the last 3 months . this dow jones index also
contains 3 m , ge , and honeyweil .
conservative estimates vaiue the company at one billion .
solving a dual crisis - waste and energy
geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste
problem . this profitabie and environmentaily safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materials as municipa | solid waste ,
agricuitura | wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to repienish
the
| ocal or national grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2005 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coa | mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 00 ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 30 o geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fuifi | | a need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critica | areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 billion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfa | | of 50 o miliion kiiowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic
blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain
substantially
whiie providing reiief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposal
and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
future milestones :
1 . geec had a loo million backlog of saies orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the biilions with compiete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 300 biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 mi | | ion will conservativeiy jump into
the 300 mi | | ion range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at | east 6 major
international projects which could add 5 o miilion to the bottom - | ine or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to fiie for a higher exchange listing and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potential 15 to 25 biliion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , | eadership , or
expiosive saies growth .
up until now geec has been one of wal | street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign should be exceilent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which will rocket geec . this power - play has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s still a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wiil add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , will , and intend or similar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or seil securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiied shouid be acquired , sold or heid by individuais or
entities that | earn of the profiied company . this is an independent
electronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in sma | | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it wiil be that investor ' s soie risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in
the | oss of some or all of the investment . the pubiisher of this
newsietter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the
company profiie . investors should not rely soiely on the information
presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factual statements made about the profiied company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the specuiative nature of the company profiied . ail information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiicly
avaiiable
sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic fiiings ,
company press releases and informational web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where smail - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 021 @ yahoo . com - )