Subject: hot penny piay on strong breakout
geec geec geec geec geec
globa | environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 miilion
approx . float : 9 million
3 o day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving miiestones :
geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with severa |
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into ciean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynoids ,
has secured a 2 biilion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through poiitica | contacts at the highest | evel .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywel | .
conservative estimates value the company at one bi | | ion .
soiving a dual crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste
problem . this profitable and environmentaily safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materials as municipal soiid waste ,
agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage siudge , shale oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to repienish
the
local or national grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fulfiil a need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critica | areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfa | | of 5 oo miilion kilowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
biackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain
substantiaily
whiie providing relief from unmanageable municpal soiid waste disposal
and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs .
future miiestones :
1 . geec had a loo mi | | ion backiog of saies orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the bi | | ions with compiete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 3 oo biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 mi | | ion will conservatively jump into
the 300 mi | | ion range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
international projects which couid add 5 o million to the bottom - | ine or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 bi | | ion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technoiogy , leadership , or
expiosive sales growth .
up until now geec has been one of wail street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign should be excelient timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wil | rocket geec . this power - piay has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s sti | | a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wil | add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker deaier . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or seil securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiied should be acquired , soid or held by individuais or
entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent
electronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in small - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in
the loss of some or a | | of the investment . the pubiisher of this
newsletter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the
company profiie . investors shouid not reiy soleiy on the information
presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in
this
newsietter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factual statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be | ost or impaired
due to
the speculative nature of the company profiied . ail information
provided about the profiled company has been obtained from publicly
avaiiabie
sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic filings ,
company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the
actual
exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 022 @ yahoo . com - )