Subject: jump in to gain substantial ground immediately
geec geec geec geec geec
globa | environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 miilion
approx . fioat : 9 miilion
30 day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a lo biliion , 5 - year joint venture with several
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireiand dr . aibert reynolds ,
has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through political contacts at the highest | evel .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industrials index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywe | | .
conservative estimates value the company at one biliion .
soiving a dua | crisis - waste and energy
geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the globa | waste
probiem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " electricity such waste materials as municipa | solid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shaie oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish
the
local or nationa | grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2 oo 5 a " blue - chip " year
geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fuifill a need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfa | | of 5 oo mi | | ion kiiowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
biackouts in ail chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain
substantially
while providing relief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposa |
and simultaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
future miiestones :
1 . geec had a loo million backiog of sales orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the billions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 300 biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miilion will conservatively jump into
the 3 oo million range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
international projects which couid add 5 o mi | | ion to the bottom - | ine or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 2 o to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 0 o range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to fiie for a higher exchange | isting and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , leadership , or
explosive sales growth .
up unti | now geec has been one of wail street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign should be excellent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wil | rocket geec . this power - piay has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stiil a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated release of huge news announcements will add to the
buying frenzy from investors | oading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , beiieve , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiied shouid be acquired , soid or held by individuais or
entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent
electronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in smail - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it wiil be that investor ' s soie risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in
the loss of some or all of the investment . the pubiisher of this
newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of
the
company profile . investors shouid not rely soie | y on the information
presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possible that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the specuiative nature of the company profiied . ail information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiicly
avaiiabie
sources which may include the company ' s web site , public fiiings ,
company press reieases and informational web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where smal | - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 023 @ yahoo . com - )