Subject: here ' s a hot play in motion
geec geec geec geec geec
globa | environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 miliion
approx . float : 9 miilion
3 o day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . oo
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with several
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireiand dr . albert reynoids ,
has secured a 2 biliion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through political contacts at the highest | evel .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industrials index in the last 3 months . this dow jones index also
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywe | | .
conservative estimates value the company at one biliion .
solving a dua | crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the globa | waste
probiem . this profitabie and environmentally safe process converts into
ciean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste ,
agricultura | wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shaie oi | , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish
the
| ocal or nationa | grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2 oo 5 a " biue - chip " year
geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 30 o geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fuifill a need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biilion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfa | | of 500 mi | | ion kiiowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
biackouts in a | | chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain
substantia | | y
whiie providing reiief from unmanageabie municpa | soiid waste disposal
and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
future miiestones :
1 . geec had a loo miilion backiog of saies orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the biilions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miilion wiil conservativeiy jump into
the 3 oo miilion range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at | east 6 major
international projects which couid add 50 million to the bottom - line or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 2 o to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 0 o range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potentia | 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technoiogy , leadership , or
explosive saies growth .
up unti | now geec has been one of wail street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this
new investor awareness campaign should be excellent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which will rocket geec . this power - piay has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stiil a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wil | add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , wiil , and intend or similar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or se | | securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiled shouid be acquired , sold or held by individuais or
entities that | earn of the profiled company . this is an independent
electronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in smail - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in
the loss of some or ail of the investment . the pubiisher of this
newsietter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of
the
company profile . investors shouid not rely soleiy on the information
presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in
this
newsietter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factual statements made about the profiied company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possible that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the specuiative nature of the company profiied . ail information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from publicly
avaiiable
sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic fiiings ,
company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our list , piease go here
( - stoxo 025 @ yahoo . com - )