Subject: returns look nice , read before you invest
yasheng group ( symbol pink sheets : yhgg )
as of 9 / 30 / 04 : ( source 10 q : 12 / 10 / 04 )
cash : $ 51 , 049 , 005
revenues : 3 months ending 9 / 30 / 04 : $ 170 , 613 , 788
net income : $ 16 , 923 , 579
earnings per share : $ 0 . 11
current price : $ 2 . 75
reasons to consider yhgg ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) yasheng group progresses with united states expansion plans - " yasheng is
committed to building a major presence in the united states , in product
distribution , plant development , logistical infrastructure , and in financial
visibility through a major exchange listing , " may ping , president of united
states operations stated .
2 ) yasheng group moves towards closing sustainable systems acquisition - as a
division of the yasheng group , sustainable endeavors will focus on the
domestic and international commercialization of renewable fuels , primarily
biodiesel , lubricants , specialty chemicals and other biobased products
manufactured from fatty biomass and other agricultural and waste raw
materials .
3 ) yasheng group posts higher third quarter earnings - " yasheng is moving
forward in its efforts to establish a us base of operations , and is
aggressively pursuing numerous distribution and operational opportunities in
a number of overseas markets . yasheng is committed to creating a major
presence in the united states , and is optimistic that 2005 will show
substantial progress in that endeavor , " the spokesperson added .
about yasheng group ( source : news release 2 / 9 / 05 )
the yasheng group ( otc : yhgg ) is a diversified industrial conglomerate
incorporated in redwood city , california , operates in hi - tech agriculture ,
salt chemistry and biological technology as its core business with
advantages in rich land , mineral resources , capital and technology reserves .
through its 136 subsidiaries , the company operating categories include :
chemical engineering , agricultural production , biotech , pharmaceuticals ,
textile products , printing and dyeing , commercial trading , beverages and
inorganic salt manufacturing .
yasheng group produces over 51 major products in the northwest of china ,
seven of which have received the national " green award " for the environment
and health . the company is recognized nationally for meeting all industry
quality and environmental standards . products are sold nationally and
exported regularly to the u . s . , canada , australia , pakistan , iran , and many
major countries in europe and asia . major exports include sodium sulfate ,
sodium sulfide , vinyl fibers , barley , hops , fine spirits , licorice root ,
black melon seed , livestock , and many more agricultural , biotechnology , and
industrial products . with total assets of approximately $ 1 . 5 billion usd and over 15 , 000
employees , yasheng group has 155 , 097 , 355 shares issued and outstanding as of
december 1 , 2004 .
do your homework on this industrial powerhouse ! draw your own conclusions .
is it unkown and undiscovered by wall street ? for how much longer ? consider
adding yhgg to your portfolio today !
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking
statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates
and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in
this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " ,
" foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , "
" understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , "
" could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additional risk factors worth noting . a review of the company ' s 10 q filed
12 / 10 / 04 and financial statements on their website reveals no material disclosable items .
during 2003 the company had intercompany transactions with gansu industrial
totaling $ 22 , 924 , 236 . during 2002 , the company provided a loan guarantee in
the amount of $ 50 , 534 , 381 to gansu industrial . there are other risk factors
that could cause you to lose all your money by investing in this stock . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all
information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers
to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the
material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered in - vestment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings
where applicable , should be completed prior to investing . we urge you to
read the sec filings now , before you invest . in compliance with the
securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter
discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party ( cap ,
inc . ) not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the
stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites ,
sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter
believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes
your acceptance of these terms .