Subject: from : feng
from : mr . feng lee .
hang seng bank ltd
sai wan ho branch
171 shaukiwan road
hong kong .
sir ,
let me start by introducing myself . i am mr feng lee . director of operations of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan ho branch . i have a mutual beneficial business suggestion for you .
before the u . s and iraqi war , our client major fadi basem who was with the iraqi forces and also a business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of fifty five million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ( us $ 55 . 5 m ) only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war two years ago ( 2003 ) . again after the war another
notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later found out that the major and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home .
after further investigation it was also discovered that major fadi basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , fifty five million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ( us $ 55 . 5 m ) is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration four years six months the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds .
against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to front for me and stand as the next of kin to major fadi basem so that you will be able to receive his funds .
please , if you are capable of standing as the next of kin to major fadi basem , you should indicate so that i will give you more information . absolute confidentiality is required from you . besides , i will use my connection to get some documents to back up the fund so that the fund can not be question by any authourity .
i will give you further details of the transaction when i recieve a positive response from you and also the ration which the money will be shared between both of us .
treat as very urgent .
yours faithfully ,
mr . feng lee .
n . b : please , reply me in this email address below :
fenglo 5 @ yahoo . co . hk