Subject: transaction ! !
from mr . joseph ngobe .
tele : + 27 - 733 - 77 - 00 - 23 .
e - mail : jogobe 2 @ netscape . net
attn : director / ceo .
request for business partnership
in my quest for a reliable and trusted partner for a highly important and lucrative venture cum investment , i came across your contact as a reliable partner for this venture . i am mr . joseph ngobe , one of the senior accountants of amalgamated bank of south africa ( absa ) . to highlight you on this proposal , there is an account opened in this bank since 1980 . after going through it , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently it would be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . ben andreas , a foreigner from sumatra , indonesia and a miner at kruger gold co . , a geologist by profession . mr . ben andreas was with his family on holiday in his country . they died in one of the coastal areas across asia that was hit by massive tsunamis triggered by the worst earthquake in 40 years . the number of people killed throughout asia has now reached over 226 , 000 with tens of thousands still missing .
it is a confirmed fact that mr . ben andreas and his family lost their lives on december 26 , 2004 during the earthquake that occurred off the west coast of sumatra in indonesia . this was further proved to be a reality by dr . doti indrasantra , a director in the ministry of health affairs department in sumatra . dr . indrasantra visited south africa last year on a hiv / aids health programme ( 2004 international health team conference held in sandton , johannesburg ) . i was introduced to him by the late mr . ben andreas who i am his banker . i confirmed from dr . indransatra that mr . ben andreas and his family died shortly after visiting him in his house in sumatra
no other person knows about this and my investigation further proved to me that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved as he made it his personal account . the money outstanding before his death was ( usd 26 million ) twenty six million united states dollars only .
i am now contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a national with a local bank account here . but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner , a foreigner . i implore you to act as foreigner and beneficiary to the fund as i will then intimate you on the processes abound as well as procure all the necessary documents required to lay claim to the money .
if you are capable and willing to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit i shall highly appreciate . i need trusted person in this business because i do not want to make mistakes . i need your strong assurance and trust . with my position now in the office i can effect transfer of this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my arrival in your country for disbursement . on the alternative , you can come
down here to south africa for us to meet one to one .
send me your private telephone and fax numbers upon receipt of this proposal , if you genuinely want to assist and be a co - partner . i will also wants us to meet face to face , to enable us sign a binding agreement . as soon as you receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . i will proceed to your country for onward percentage distributions and investment . i need your full co - operation to make this work because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner , who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you later immediately . i will use my
position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments .
at the conclusion of this business , for your assistance , 25 % of the total amount will be accrue for you , 70 % for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of the transfer .
i implore you to maintain the absolute confidentiality of this transaction .
your earliest response is urgently awaited .
truly yours ,
mr . joseph ngobe