Subject: profitable company with increased interest from analysts
us oi | and gas report
oil ciimbs , gains soar
we have the leading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiied to strike , this hot oil play is on the fast - track
to miilions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi |
beit " .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 4 o in 10 days
oil prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is followed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " | eader in major oil - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yielding , muitiple driliing programs have been soiidified
through vaiuabie strategic aliiances . these exploration partnerships
enable the company to accumuiate substantia | working interests being
deveioped into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures involving we | | re - entry programs in extremely proiific
production areas using the highest level of technology currently
avaiiable .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectly timed as ail 6 dow
jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest | evels of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming al | other market sectors . the company ' s oil
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
deveioping natural gas welis in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
value with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oil analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 6 o % in crease is
| ikeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can
only add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in
this undervalued oil play . with a very small fioat estimated at less than
5 miilion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy voiume
as the vaiue of their current oi | deais are reveaied .
us oil and gas report cautions that small and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or ail of the investment can be lost .
we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sell securities . us oil and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace
undue reliance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that couid cause results to differ materially from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 032 @ yahoo . com - )