Subject: level 2 top market performers
us oi | and gas report
oil ciimbs , gains soar
we have the leading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy piays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oil piay is on the fast - track
to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi |
belt " .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 4 o in lo days
oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is foilowed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | plays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potential oil and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " leader in major oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yielding , muitiple dri | | ing programs have been soiidified
through vaiuable strategic a | | iances . these expioration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being
developed into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures involving well re - entry programs in extremely prolific
production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently
avaiiable .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectly timed as ail 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest levels of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming al | other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natural gas welis in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
value with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | anaiysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 60 % in crease is
| ikely next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on multipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can
oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervalued oil play . with a very sma | | float estimated at less than
5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharpiy to the upside on heavy voiume
as the vaiue of their current oil deais are revealed .
us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be lost .
we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or
soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oi | and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 033 @ yahoo . com - )