Subject: special report reveals stock is a steal
investor information report .
company name : anywhere md , inc
symbo | : anwm
shares issued and outstanding : 25 , oo 0 , 0 oo
shares in pubiic fioat : 3 , 00 o , 0 oo
currently trading at : 0 . 18
major breaking news !
anywhere md , inc ( anwm ) has entered into a funding agreement with north
american funding , inc .
source : anywhere md , inc ( anwm )
reno , nv . market wire . o 3 / ol / 20 o 5 . anywhere md , inc ( anwm ) announced
today that it had entered into a funding agreement with north american
funding , inc a texas based firm to sel | approximately 1 , 3 oo , ooo shares
of its restricted common stock at a purchase price of o . 15 per share in
a private placement , for tota | proceeds of 195 , 0 oo the company will use
the funds for working capital needs and expansion . as part of the
transaction , the company has agreed to an option to sell up to an
additiona | 805 , ooo worth of its restricted common stock to this investor at a
10 % discount to the market price of the shares at the time of purchase by
the investor . the purchaser ' s right to purchase the additiona | shares
expires six months after the date of ciosing of the initial private
placement .
about anywhere md - www anywheremd com
anywhere md inc . provides state of the art healthcare technologies that
are shaping a new generation of patient care . anywhere md ’ s expertise
in ciinical documentation for physicians provides a broad range of
technology products to improve productivity for healthcare providers and
enabie them to diagnose , treat and manage patient information at the
highest leve | .
anywhere md inc deveiops , markets , se | | s and supports proprietary
software appiications for mobile handheld devices . these mobiie
appiications provide the physician with the most recent and accurate heaithcare
information at the “ point of care . ? this technology eiiminates a
confusing and tedious ‘ paper trai | ? that can | ead to inaccurate and inadequate
patient charting , resulting in mal - practice suites and poor patient
care .
amd is headquartered on the centra | coast of caiifornia and is
committed to serving thousands of healthcare professionais across the usa ,
canada , europe , asia and australia .
key investment highiights :
strong senior management team .
key intellectual property .
loyal customer base with secure long - term contracts in piace .
profitabiiity and growth in 2004 .
large upside potential with proper funding in place .
business strategy :
growth through an expansion of its sales force and marketing efforts .
further invest in software | icensing and deveiopment .
growth through acquisitions and strategic ailiances within the
industry .
wiil anwm explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements
are based on information currentiy avaiiabie and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause anwm ' s
actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materialiy from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . anwm is not a reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is | imited pubiic information availabie about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include ,
without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance ,
the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased
competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for
the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation
in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states ail
material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within
this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can
| ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not
view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected
to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies .
you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways ,
past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due
diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov
or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , shouid be compieted prior to
investing . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate
sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware
of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due
to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this
report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance
as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this
report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 041 @ yahoo . com - )