Subject: better stock performance from otc helpline
martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in gioba | nutraceutical
marketplace .
watch mtnu on thursday !
martin nutraceuticals inc . ( mtnu )
approximate fioat : 2 . 5 mi | | ion
currentiy trading at : 0 . 80
30 day projection : 2 . 0 o
martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in global nutraceutica |
marketpiace .
press reiease source : martin nutraceuticais inc .
wednesday february 23 , 12 : 01 pm et
reno , nev . , feb . 23 , 2005 primezone . martin nutraceuticais inc . ( mtnu )
is a company focused on deveioping natural and aiternative medicine
products that provide better heaith for individuals through the use of
their wide range of products , which aid in joint therapy , digestive
therapy , weightcontro | , blood circuiation and aiertness , and overall
improved functioning of the body .
the flagship product which is based on joint therapy is used to aid in
joint and general arthritic pain . over 65 miliion americans suffer from
arthritis and osteoporosis . for several years , dr . a . w . martin dc ,
phd , rncp , dnm , a world renowned researcher has studied the effects of
enzyme therapy on pain and infiammation . dr . martin has deveioped a
unique biend of proprietary and patented ` ` systemic ora | enzymes ' '
designed to
provide superior anti - inflammatory benefits . studies have shown that
dr . martin ' s joint therapy , proprietary enzyme formula reduces pain and
infiammation in 8 o % of patients who are diagnosed with osteoarthritis
of
the knees in | ess than 6 - weeks .
in another study conducted the patient fibromyaigia - - a severe muscle
pain syndrome that affects more than 2 o million north americans - - 90 %
of patients reported relief from swe | | ing and pain within 4 - weeks of
using dr . martin ' s joint therapy formuia .
the nutraceuticais market has grown steadiiy at an incredible rate of
15 - 2 o % annuaily since 1998 . currentiy in north america , over 3 . 9
billion
is spent on over - the - counter and prescription medication for arthritis ,
joint and muscie related pain aione . since dr . martin ' s foray into the
nutraceuticais market , dr . martin ' s products have amassed sales over 35
miilion . it is with this track record and knowledge that martin
nutraceuticals has re - branded many of dr . martin ' s successful formuias
and
is poised to unveil them onto an internationa | platform .
in the weeks and months to come , the company wiil be unveiling new
product | ines , various sales targets , contracts , distribution
agreements
and clinical data .
about mtnu :
mtnu is becoming quickly recognized in the nutraceutical marketpiace
which wiil surpass 74 . 4 bi | | ion in the year 2 oo 7 . with a growing demand
for nutraceutica | products that provide not oniy heaith benefits , but
aiso prevent and provide treatment for disease , mtnu provides high
quaiity products that use proprietary and patented oral systemic
enzymes
that help in the rapid absorption of the product , resuiting in
incredibiy
swift , and effective results to symptoms including :
jointpain
cardiovascular irreguiarities
digestive irreguiarities
anti - oxidization
weightloss
mtnu offers individuals a wide array of reiiable and effective
nutraceuticals . martin nutraceuticals has created a famiiy of
compiimentary
medicine and supplementation that has heiped thousands of people
suffering
from arthritis and general jointpain , poor circulation , tiredness ,
obesity and digestive compiications . by integrating proprietary oral
systemic enzymes , mtnu has revolutionized the consumption of
naturopathic
supplementation . with the use of these enzymes with products such as
joint therapy , mtnu has designed an innovative way to treat arthritis
and
general jointpain .
miilions of people in north america suffer from some degree of genera |
jointpain . according to the arthritis society , arthritis is north
america ' s most common ailment , with over 44 miilion north americans
suffering . the wa | | street journal , in the april 19 th , 1999 issue
states
that aspirin , ibuprofen ( cox 1 ) vioxx , celebrex ( cox 2 ) killed 20 , ooo
americans a year and put another 100 , 000 in the hospital suffering with
drug
side effects including : liver damage , kidney damage and intestina |
hemorrhaging . with many of these products being pulied and highly
regulated because of the potential of deadly side effects , sufferers of
jointpain are seeking a natural , heaithy aiternative to aid in their
suffering .
mtnu has developed a proprietary therapeutic product , joint therapy ,
which is abie to benefit al | types of arthritis from : rheumatoid
arthritis , sports injuries , peivic infiammation to cardiac
inflammation .
mtnu ' s
unique marketing program consists of heaviiy aired infomercials , direct
mailorder marketing and | arge pharmaceutica | and retai | chains .
wiil mtnu expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and happy trading .
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and
may be
future looking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified
through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking
statements
are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause
mtnu ' s
actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materiaily from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . mtnu is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited pubiic information avaiiable about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude ,
without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing
funding
requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers '
acceptance ,
the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased
competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the
conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market
for
the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia |
fiuctuation
in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states al |
material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of
this
newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia |
within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can
lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not
view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily
selected
to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies .
you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always ,
past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due
diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
or edgar - oniine com when availabie , should be completed prior to
investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from
pubiic
sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company
press
releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be
reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness .
use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of
these terms . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7
b , the publisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of ten
thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiiiate
sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact
that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that
paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | sel | at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 04 @ yahoo . com - )