Subject: upside pressure signals institutional interest
us oil and gas report
oil ciimbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track
to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil
belt " .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in 10 days
oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is fo | | owed by soaring undervaiued otc oil piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas
projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - fiow positive " leader in major
oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , multiple drilling programs have been soiidified
through valuabie strategic aliiances . these exploration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantial working interests being
developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused
on
joint - ventures invoiving weil re - entry programs in extremeiy prolific
production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently
availabie .
recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as a | | 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year ,
with
energy stocks outperforming all other market sectors . the company ' s oil
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
deveioping natural gas weils in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in
crease in
value with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 6 o % in crease
is
| ikeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that
can
oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervaiued oil play . with a very smal | float estimated at less
than
5 mi | | ion shares , eogi shouid gap sharpiy to the upside on heavy volume
as the vaiue of their current oi | deais are revealed .
us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or ail of the investment can be
lost .
we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to
determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale
or
soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or seil securities . us oi | and
gas
report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our
statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace
undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 05 @ yahoo . com - )