Subject: investing = big money
recent news poised to help emerging apparel company !
meg athletic corporation ( megj )
approximate float : 9 million
current price : 0 . 04
30 - day target : 0 . 30
meg athletic corporation structuring new india agreement .
meg athletic corporation ( megj ) designs , sources and markets men ' s and
women ' s casual sports and lifestyle apparel under the meg athletic
trademark . meg athletic is a premier apparel company closing the gap
between sports based apparel and casual - lifestyle apparel . incorporating a =
unique sports casual element , meg athletic is firmly planting itself
into current fashion trends , in a market which will surpass 6 billion in
annual sales .
for immediate release : ( source : meg athletic corporation )
feb 23 rd , 2005 - reno , nv . - meg athletic corp . is currently in
progressive talks with one of the largest textile manufacturing companies =
in
india - siryansh garments pvt ltd . this deal will consist of meg being
supplied with apparel of unsurpassed quality , from one of the most
reputable textile firms in the world . " the firm we are currently in
discussion with has compiled knitwear for some of the most dominant brands =
and
recognized brands in the mid to upper echelon of the fashion
marketplace , " states mr . harvey panesar , president of meg athletic corp . " =
we are
proud to be involved with a company who , like us , believes in
unsurpassed quality . " mr . panesar is also in discussions with one of the m =
ajor
distribution companies in india for the meg apparel line , which also
represents many of the top foreign apparel companies in india . " we are
trying diligently to align ourselves with the right channels to give meg
the kickstart that it requires in a countryn with such an emerging
middle class , ? states mr . panesar " the growth in india is phenomenal . the
emerging middle class is defining the future for india and since they
look west for fashion trends , we knew we had to align ourselves with the
right people and get our crosshairs aligned before we left the gates .
and who better to align ourselves with than a company that is already
blazing a trail for high - end us fashions in india . " further states mr .
panesar " india ' s fashion economy is one of the fastest growing in the
world , i am confident and pleased that we at meg could be a part of it . "
the strength of meg athletic corp . is its ability not only to be on the
cusp of fashion with its designers and fashion sense , but to pique the
interest of some professional athletes , specifically from the fastest
growing sport in the world - - soccer . with endorsement contracts in
place with some of the world ' s premier soccer players , meg athletic is abl =
e
to utilize profile players to introduce their new marketing and
promotional campaign . some of the current endorsements include internation =
al
superstars such as paul stalteri and kevin mckenna , who have be
instrumental to the growth and success of meg athletic corporation in euro =
pe ,
which has led to initial orders flowing in from the european
marketplace as outlined in previous news releases . with endorsements and
contracts continuing at the current pace , meg athletic corporation is
projecting sales in excess of 5 million in europe alone .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already familiar with this . is megj poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade wednesday ! go megj .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions =
or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
future looking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are mad =
e
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified th =
rough
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statement =
s
are based on information currently available and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause megj ' s
actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional r =
isk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . megj is not a reporting company registered under the securities a =
ct
of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include ,
without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , =
the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased
competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions a =
nd
terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for =
the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation =
in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you =
can
lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not
view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected
to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies .
you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov
or edgar - online com when available , should be completed prior to
investing . all factual information in this report was gathered from public =
sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be
reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness .
use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of
these terms . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7
b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten
thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate =
shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact
that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that
paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail =
with no thanks in the sub ject to nostocks @ yahoo . com