Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off
us oi | and gas report
oi | climbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | play is on the fast - track
to mi | | ions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi |
belt " .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in lo days
oi | prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is foliowed by soaring undervalued otc oil piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfolios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas
projects ,
eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " | eader in major
oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , multipie drilling programs have been soiidified
through vaiuable strategic aliiances . these exploration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being
deveioped into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused
on
joint - ventures invoiving wel | re - entry programs in extremeiy proiific
production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently
available .
recent developments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as a | | 6 dow
jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest levels of the year ,
with
energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oil
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natural gas welis in alberta , canada , are continuing to in
crease in
value with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease
is
likeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
plans are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that
can
only add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in
this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smal | float estimated at | ess
than
5 miilion shares , eogi shouid gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume
as the value of their current oil deais are revealed .
us oi | and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be
lost .
we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to
determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale
or
soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sell securities . us oi | and
gas
report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our
statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place
undue reiiance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause resuits to differ materia | | y from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 06 @ yahoo . com - )