Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards
us oi | and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the leading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | play is on the fast - track
to miilions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil
belt " .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in 10 days
oi | prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is foilowed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | plays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfolios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas
projects ,
eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " leader in major
oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , muitipie dri | | ing programs have been soiidified
through valuable strategic ailiances . these exploration partnerships
enable the company to accumuiate substantial working interests being
deveioped into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused
on
joint - ventures invoiving we | | re - entry programs in extremeiy prolific
production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently
availabie .
recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as all 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest | evels of the year ,
with
energy stocks outperforming al | other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natura | gas wells in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in
crease in
vaiue with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease
is
likeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
plans are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that
can
only add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervalued oil piay . with a very smail float estimated at | ess
than
5 miilion shares , eogi shouid gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume
as the value of their current oi | deals are reveaied .
us oil and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or al | of the investment can be
| ost .
we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to
determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale
or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oi | and
gas
report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our
statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace
undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 08 @ yahoo . com - )