Subject: suwn poised for immediate growth ! ! !
investor alert
special investment report on healthcare !
aggressive growth !
buy recommendation !
otc bb : suwn
target price : $ 3 . 00
vol . cxxxvii
issue 2616 march 2 , 2005
stock symbol
shares outstanding
float ( estimate )
rating
current price
12 month target price
otc bb : suwn
33 , 300 , 000
6 , 300 , 000
strong buy
$ . 16
$ 3 . 00
suwn enters trillion dollar healthcare industry !
our current recommendation is sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( otcbb : suwn )
company profile
as an industry leader in agricultural processing , sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( sunwin ) has built an integrated global firm with the sourcing and production capabilities to meet the needs of consumers throughout the world . sunwin is a pioneer in the research and development and production of essential traditional chinese medicine , 100 percent organic herbal medicine , nutraceutical products , natural sweetener ( stevioside ) , and animal medicine prepared from 100 % organic herbal ingredients . the company also makes such value - added products as specialty veterinary food ingredients and specialty feed ingredients . the sunwin family works closely with consumer to provide a quality , value , and a hybrid mix of agricultural products and services that meet growing demand .
in 2002 , sunwin was recognized as one of the first 2 , 000 state - level companies that china authorized as the most important innovative high - tech pioneer businesses by the china central government . in 2002 , sunwin was awarded as one of 2002 state - level biological product manufacturers in china . in 2003 , sunwin ranked as one of the top 50 companies of china animal related health care product pharmaceutical industry in terms of sales by the ministry of agriculture of china . in 2003 , sunwin received the award of shandong top ten innovative , high - tech businesses by the province government of shandong .
investment opinion
- warren buffett said u . s . stocks are too expensive and he poured a chunk of his money into china . that ' s especially important now , since warren buffett made such big news with his huge china investment . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes . mr . buffett ' s strong move also means that every charlatan stock advisor in the u . s . will now be trying to sell you some sort of hot chinese investment . but they don ' t have what we have . they don ' t have a network of analysts already on the ground in china doing the hard work for you . the fortunes made on the american stock markets in the late 1990 s will look paltry when compared to the profit explosion that ' s set to blast out of china in the coming years . as you ' re about to see , there ' s not a single reason not one for you to miss what should be the greatest wealth creation opportunity of your lifetime .
- you know what happens when warren buffett gets onto a good thing , everybody gets rich . warren buffett has gotten into china , here ' s what the respected bloomberg news said about that . these excerpts come from a may 22 , 2003 bloomberg news wire story : warren buffett ' s search for cheap stocks has brought his to a surprising place : china . a month after telling berkshire hathaway shareholders that shares of u . s . companies were too expensive , buffett ' s company upped its stake in petrochina . ( it now owns 13 . 35 % of the company . ) .
- it ' s clear that china is the place for you to be now and in the coming years . the profits will be stunning , but only if you ' re aligned with an expert team that puts you into the best chinese companies first . one reason for that sweet number is because sunwin ' s product is of such high quality . in fact , its customers during the past year as divided equally between major suppliers in japan and china . and suwn has a nice mix of both local and export customers . last year , they had sales to the local chinese domestic , exports to japan 20 % and exports to other foreign countries . when suwn ' s natural sweetener penetrates the us markets , it will take some market share of synthetic sweetener . even natural sweetener takes a tiny fraction of market share of synthetic sweetener in the us ; it could means tens of millions of dollars to suwn . suwn will add a new manufacturing line for its natural sweetener in 2004 / 2005 that should make 300 tons of highly purified natural sweetener . it will add $ 9 million to $ 12 million in sales and $ 2 to $ 3 million in net income . this is why betting on suwn is a sure thing to win huge ! they ' re testimony to a management team that has excellent control over suwn ' s cost of goods sold and operating expenses . this is a well - run company that we should assume , will continue this path and grow by acquiring more top - quality beet sugar producers as well .
- we believe the suwn story will get a lot of attention in the investment community in the coming months . the average company on this list in this industry has a market cap valued at 7 . 17 x revenues . on this ground alone , we should expect suwn market cap to be $ 89 million , or $ 2 . 63 per share ! the average of pe ratio in the industry is 27 . 1 . on this ground alone , it will give suwn stock valued at $ 1 per share . the average ratio of price / earning / growth in the industry on the list is 1 . 1 . on this ground alone , we should expect suwn to be $ 3 per share . an average valuation will value suwn at $ 2 per share . we believe that it is just a matter of time before suwn , an undervalued stock with tremendous upside potential , will be recognized by wall street , and then the stock price will soar to a much higher level when it is listed on the amex !
investor alert is an independent research firm . this report contains forward - looking statements . past performance does not guarantee future results . this report is based on ia , independent analysis , and may , or may not be the opinion of investor alert , but also relies on information supplied by sources believed to be reliable . ia has been retained by a third party and has been paid $ 25 , 000 . 00 cash for this report . investor alert and / or individuals thereof may have positions in securities referred to herein and may make purchases or sales at any time . the information contained in this report is for information purposes only , and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . investors should consult with an investment professional before investing any monies period . copyright 2004 ia all rights reserved .
press release for immediate release
sunwin international neutraceuticals signs the letter of intent to acquire controlling interest of jining stevia manufacturing company
fort lauderdale , fl , march 2 , 2005 ( business wire ) - sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( otcbb : suwn ) , a leading manufacturer of chinese herbs , veterinary medicines and low calorie natural sweetener ( stevia ) in china , announced today it has signed the letter of intent to acquire 55 % controlling interest of jining stevia manufacturing company via a stock exchange on the basis of net tangible assets of jining stevia manufacturing company . completion of the transaction is subject to the negotiation and execution of a mutually satisfactory stock exchange agreement , receipt of audited financial statements of the company to be acquired , receipt of necessary corporate approval by both parties , satisfactory completion of due diligence and other customary conditions of closing .
with the combined production of the two companies , sunwin will produce approximately 800 tons of stevia per year or approximately 50 % of the worldwide production , based on 2004 numbers . stevia is becoming a mainstay of the extreme no - carb sweetener market worldwide . the current production of approximately 1 , 600 tons per year worldwide will not meet the dramatically increasing demand worldwide , especially in the us .
tongtong lin , newly appointed sunwin ' s ceo , commented , our goal is to increase our leading position in the production of stevia . the low calorie sweetener market is a multi - billion dollar global market of both synthetic and natural sweeteners . we believe the natural , low calorie sweetener stevia will eventually replace the demand for synthetic sweeteners worldwide in the near future . natural sweeteners provide what most users feel is a far superior taste than synthetic sweeteners without having the side effects to human organs and systems as synthetic sweetener have our current combined production of natural sweetener will accounts for approximately 50 % of worldwide production . with an increasingly price of stevia at $ 35 , 000 per ton , the acquisition will allow us to generate over $ 28 million in sales and with an anticipated $ 3 million in net income from the production of stevioside alone .
about sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc .
sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( sunwin ) is engaged in the areas of essential traditional chinese medicine , 100 % organic herbal medicine , neutraceutical products , natural sweetener ( stevia ) , and animal medicine prepared from 100 % organic herbal ingredients . as an industry leader in agricultural processing , sunwin has built an integrated global firm with the sourcing and production capabilities to meet the needs of consumers throughout the world . sunwin also makes such value - added products as specialty veterinary food ingredients and specialty feed ingredients . the sunwin family works closely with consumers to provide a quality , value , and a hybrid mix of agricultural products and services that meet growing demand . in 2002 , sunwin was recognized as one of the first 2 , 000 state - level companies that china authorized as the most important innovative high - tech pioneer businesses by the chinese central government . in 2002 , sunwin was awarded as one of 2002 state - level biological product manufacturers in china . in 2003 , sunwin ranked as one of the top 50 companies of china animal related health care product pharmaceutical industry . in 2003 , sunwin received award of shandong top - ten innovative , high - tech businesses by the province government of shandong .
safe harbor statement
certain of the statements set forth in this press release constitute forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words estimate , project , intend , forecast , anticipate , plan , planning , expect , believe , will likely , should , could , would , may or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets . more information about the potential factors that could affect the company ' s business and financial results is included in the company ' s filings , available via the united states securities and exchange commission .
contact :
pacific rim partners for sunwin international
phone : 954 - 724 - 2944
sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . 6 youpeng rd . qufu , dhandong 273100 , china
