Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off
the oil and gas advisory
now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bul | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oil belt "
and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating
potential of millions per week .
breaking news ! ! !
emerson oi | and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity
for 22 - well re - entry in field with strong producing history and large recoverable reserves
south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and driiled by major oil companies
in the 1970 s . the field is established with substantia | recoverable reserves , estimated at over
3 . 9 miilion barreis of oi | and about 2 billion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay zones .
symbol - eogi
price - . 12
sel | target - . 33 = diamond play
the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bull
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - mi | | ions , eogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . emerson oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and
even quadrupie returns .
our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervaiued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smal | company
with a comparabiy smal | market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oi |
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with
the daily jump in energy prices .
but ail that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive
effect on
the share price .
what wil | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oi | and gas ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in
the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline
siightiy , you will still make a very healthy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or
so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings will
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be
staggering .
overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
eogi shares will surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and
gas reserves are well established and are going into massive production .
eariy investors wi | | secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this
area wil | realiy turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s builetin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend or similar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities .
oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this
newsletter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 39 @ yahoo . com - )