Subject: from : paul harden & co
paul harden & co
swan centre , fishers lane
chiswick london , w 4 lrx . uk .
email : - paulharden @ zwallet . com
attn : sir / madam ,
with great pleasure i am writing this proposal on behalf of my chambers . i got your information through my personal search on the internet , hence i decided to seek your cooperation , due to the sensitivity of this transaction and my commitment as a lawyer .
i am barrister paul harden from uk , representing mr . martin greenberg , a foreigner , engineer by profession , who he died since 1999 , in an egypt air crash , on the 31 st october along with other passengers on board .
you can read more here : - http : / / www . s - t . com / daily / 11 - 99 / 11 - 02 - 99 / do 8 hol 74 . htm
before his death , he has a huge sum of ( us $ 25 . 5 ) which no other person knew about , which he intended to invest in southern part of africa . this fund has no other beneficiary and i have the original documents of deposit and claim the amount involved is
( us $ 25 . 5 m ) twenty five millions five hundred thousand united states dollars . the fund is rigth now under the custody of a security compan , which i will not like to disclose at the moment until i confirm your willingness to assist me in this project .
early this year , the security company wrote me a letter , since i was his lawyer , asking me to present his next of kin , to enable them release the said funds .
my constraint is to be able to source a foreign partner who is honest and trustworthy individual , so that i can present to the security company as the next of kin of the late mr . greenberg so that the fund can be release to you .
if you will act as trustee and willing to assist me in this transaction , your share as compensation will be ( 20 % ) , while i receives ( 70 % ) and the balance of ( 10 % ) for taxes and other miscellaneous expenses . this transaction is 100 % risk free
provided you treat it with utmost secrecy and confidentiality and also with my position and a barrister , i will perfect all the necessary documents on your name as soon as you are ready to do this deal with me .
endeavour to email me the following information is you are interested at paulharden @ zwallet . com
names , address , phone and fax numbers , age , sex , marital status and occupation .
thank you and god bless ,
barrister . paul harden
attorney - at - law