Subject: dr . mrs mariam abacha .
attention
dear ;
i am delighted to write this letter to you hoping that you will understand my
predicament and answer back without hesitation . i am mrs . mariam abacha wife of
the late nigerian head of state general sani abacha . i got your contact through
business inquires from the chamber of commerce as i was making contact for a
honest foreigner who will help save my life and my children , hence our country
has been frustrating to us since the death of my husband .
i am in possession of $ 35 , 000 . 000 ( thirty five million u . s dollars ) which i
want to invest in your country . for your clarification and understanding , this
money is in a truck box which was deposited with a security company indisguise
as a family treasure diamond and gold since 5 th of may 1999 . it is not an ill
gotten wealth rather it was willed to me by my late husband . on your acceptance
to render this assistance to me , i will instruct the security company to effect
the change of ownership of this fund to your name as the bona - fide owner / my
next of kin to enable you retrieve the fund since the box can not be moved out
of our country by the family ' s name .
it is very important that you forward to me your full name , your private
telephone and fax numbers / occupation , to enable me send all relevant documents
pertaining the deposit of this fund to you . bear in mind that this transaction
demands absolute confidentiality because all properties , assets and bank
accounts both local and international bearing the abacha ' s family name , are
been confiscated by the already elected civilian president of nigeria so called
( president olusegun obasanjo ) hence i will not want to be exposed this is to
aviod losing the money .
for your knowledge , 20 % of this fund $ 35 , 000 . 000 ( thirty five million u . s
dollars ) will be given to you if you assist me to secure this fund and another
10 % has set aside for all the expenses you might incur during the process of
securing this fund . example : telephone / fax bills and any other miscellaneous
expenses . and bear in mind that this is the only remaining fund for the
survival of my family . nevertheless if you are in any reason not intrested in
this proposal kindly inform me so that i will start to look for another
reliable contact
thanks as i wait for your immediate response
please you can view this website and see how my
family ' s name is been messed up ;
yours truly .
dr . mrs mariam abacha .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ advertisement :
sony
dcr - hcl 9 e tikai 299 ls
299 , -
sony
dsc - p 200 tikai 259 ls
www . pta . lv
