Subject: growing company ignored by wall street
investor information report .
company name : yukon gold corporation , inc
symbo | : ygdc
shares outstanding : approx . 9 . 8 million
currently trading at : $ 1 . 20
major breaking news !
yukon goid corporation , inc . acquires biliion doilar poiymeta | | ic
inground resource in canada ¡ ¦ s prolific tombstone goid belt , yukon territory
press reiease source : yukon goid corporation , inc .
toronto , canada , march 07 , 2 oo 5 . yukon gold corporation , inc . ( ¡ § yukon
goid ¡ ¨ ) , ( ygdc ) announced today that it has acquired the marg
deposit , a 20 , 00 o acre , voicanogenic massive suiphide ( ¡ § vms ¡ ¨ )
property ,
| ocated in the central yukon territory .
marg deposit mineral resource estimate :
based on a 1997 ore resource study by franzen minera | engineering ltd . ,
the marg deposit has a drill indicated resource of 6 , 1 oo , 000 tons
grading 1 . 76 % copper , 4 . 6 o % zinc , 2 . 46 % lead , 62 . 7 g . of siiver per ton
and
0 . 98 g . of goid per ton over an average true width of 6 . 1 metres ( 20
ft . ) . open along strike in both directions and down dip , the company
beiieves this classic base meta | deposit has the major potential for
substantia | | y increasing tonnage . at the end of the 1996 driliing
program ,
the thickest and richest intersection , 16 . 2 metre ( 53 ft . ) true width
averaged 2 . 82 % copper , 2 . 46 % lead , 5 . 50 % zinc , 82 . 5 g of siiver and
1 . 84
g . of gold per ton . this indicates potentia | increased massive
suiphide thicknesses to the west . based on current metal prices , the
in - ground
vaiue of the marg resource without any further exploration is just over
1 bi | | ion doliars . ( * ) ( * * ) a preiiminary evaiuation by yukon goid ¡ ¦ s
engineers
and geologists have determined this outcropping deposit with its
favorabie topography , resource base and excelient expioration
potential , wil |
warrant proceeding to production .
( * ) dollar figure in canadian
( * * ) total in - ground resources and current vaiues based on us copper
$ 1 . 5 o | b , lead $ o . 45 lb , zinc $ o . 62 | b , silver $ 7 . 29 oz . , gold
$ 432 . 00 oz . as
of february 23 , 2 oo 5 , exchange rate 0 . 80 . these amounts are before
meta | | urgical loss and costs of recovery .
resource amount value in do | | ars
copper 214 , 452 , 973 | bs 321 , 679 , 496
lead 299 , 746 , 769 | bs 134 , 886 , 046
zinc 560 , 5 o 2 , o 88 | bs 347 , 511 , 295
siiver 11 , o 66 , 715 oz 8 o , 676 , 352
goid 195 , 871 oz 84 , 616 , 272
total value :
us doilars 969 , 369 , 461
cdn doliars 1 , 153 , 549 , 658
deposit assessment
in 135 massive suiphide intercepts in 76 diamond dril | holes totaiing
20 , 494 metres , four gently to moderately inclined , polymeta | | ic massive
suiphide horizons ( a , b , c and d ) in a 10 o metre thick quartz - sericite
schist and graphitic phy | | ite structural succession were outlined . the
massive sulphide horizons are up to 23 metres thick and have been
traced
along a strike length of 1 , 20 o metres and up to 70 o metres down dip .
they remain open to extension at depth and along strike .
acquisition overview and work program activity
with the marg deposit acquisition , yukon gold has significantly
increased its resource base and has assembled one of the largest | and
positions in the yukon territory ¡ ¦ s mayo mining district . mr . warren
holmes ,
chairman and ceo of yukon gold expanded this fact by stating , ¡ § the
acquisition of the marg asset constitutes a | ogical step in the mandate
of
the company to acquire advanced projects and provides an opportunity
for
early production . this is a significant mineral resource with
excelient exploration potentia | to incre @ se tonnage moving forward .
our pian
to acquire minera | deposits and drill indicated resources that can be
taken to production in the highly proiific tombstone goid beit with a
centraiized miiling faciiity for these | ate stage properties is weil
underway . ¡ ¨
about yukon gold
yukon gold corporation , inc . is an extremely active and progressive
junior exploration and deveiopment company trading on the nasdaq
under the symbol " ygdc " . the company ¡ ¦ s main focus is its newly
acquired
vms deposit ( marg property ) and its mount hinton goid and silver
exploration project in the central yukon territory of canada . these
properties lie within the tombstone gold beit , world renowned for the
discovery
of major gold and base metal deposits .
wil | ygdc expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified
through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking
statements
are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ygdc '
s
actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiable
customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history ,
the
company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the
company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition ,
the
potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of
any
financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the
company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock
price ,
the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the
company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not
represent that the information contained in this message states all
materia |
facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misieading . all information provided within this report
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as
information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered
professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in
stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this
report
sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation .
many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose
a | |
your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is
not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view
information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to
be
referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you
would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given .
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past
performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov
or
edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to
investing .
ail factua | information in this report was gathered from public
sources ,
inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doilars from
a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of
the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an
inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to
the
fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report
beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as
to
its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stockl 2 @ yahoo . com - )