Subject: aggressive investors portfolio
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development
& commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : 0 . 68
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structural technology
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam
metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into
a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacie will acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the sharehoiders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 500 , ooo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
beneficia | | y owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this letter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profile :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers ski | | ed entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goais as part of a | arger organization . the company provides capita | and management
assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiiciy traded companies .
the company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais .
the company has great short term speculative potentia | as
wel | as the potential for long term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
piease foilow this one trade monday !
nothing in this e - mai | shouid be considered personaiized investment
advice . although our empioyees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to
address your particuiar investment situation . no communication by our
employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressly forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
any security recommended to our readers . al | of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after
the mailing of printed - only pubiication prior to foliowing an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be
made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
to cancel by mai | or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewsletters 9 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter al | rights reserved