Subject: are these shares poised for a run gtvcf - ob _ examiner
thurston
* wallstreet insider alert newsletter *
information you can trust and profit from . our
extensive research shows gtvcf is on the move
with big gains expected on monday . they will be
having a big promotion promotion going all
weekend for there new press release with
big gains expected monday . so don ' t miss it
get in as soon as possible to profit .
company : globetech ventures
symbol : gtvcf . ob
industry : gold / molybendum mining
current price : $ 0 . 32
52 wk high : $ 1 . 73
market cap : 4 . 34 m
estimated 3 months - target : $ 1 . 00
estimated 6 months - target : $ 2 . 50
recommendation : strong buy
analysis : industry outperform
brief profile :
globetech ventures corp . is a global mining company
engaged in acquiring and developing mineral properties
and , if warranted , the processing of related mineral
resources . company owns through its brazilian
subsidiary title to 197 , 000 acres ( 80 , 000 hectars ) of
mineral rights in brazil ’ s gold and other mineral rich
vila nova greenstone belt . this month company acquired
100 % interest in a molybendum ( metallic element used
principally as an alloying agent in steel , cast iron ,
and superalloys ) rich property in british colombia .
gold mining potential :
the vila nova greenstone belt forms part of a stable
precambrian guinan shield rock formation , which in the
adjacent countries of venezuela , french guiana and
guyana , hosts world class gold deposits . the omai gold
deposit in guyana , has a reserve of approximately 4 . 2
million ounces of gold . the guinan shield has
historically produced large amounts of gold , some 4 . 8
million ounces having been mined in the 19 th century
alone . in the vila nova greenstone belt , in similar
rocks to those found in globetech ' s claim area , the
amapari gold deposit lies north of the corporation ' s
claim area . the amapari gold deposit which has a
resource in excess of 2 million ounces of gold , was
recently acquired by wheaton river minerals for $ 105
million .
strong buy . why now ?
the stock is incredibly cheap and it has been off the
radar screen of canadian mining funds until now . all
indicators point to an expected sharp rise in the
value of this company . there ’ s been talk of heavy
institutional investments in globetech . technically
the stock is near it ’ s 2 months support line and looks
ready to retest the $ 1 . 73 high . gold has been
declining for nearly three months , but despite the
short term correction gold is still above the 65 - week
moving average and is ready to resume it ’ s strong bull
trend . increasing gold prices will push globetech ’ s
value as well . in addition to its current operations
the company is pursuing and evaluating potential mineral
properties that can potential double or triple the
company ’ s value .
don ' t miss out on this one big gains expected
monday get - it friday !
information - within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " this
newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor
affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
50 400 from third party to send this report . canker william