Subject: us hot stock highlights
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 16
apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pleased to report that due diiigence is neariy complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wil | report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategicaily purchase | eases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobile , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has billions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 miliion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 tri | | ion cubic feet . neariy 10 o wells are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin could have 50 , ooo to loo , oo 0 producing weils before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 000 weils produced
54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 014 @ yahoo . com