Subject: better stock performance from otc helpiine
yap international , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 12
watch this stock monday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been really moving lately .
and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland .
under the terms of the agreement sts wiil assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us do | | ar 500 , 0 oo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge faciiity will primarily be applied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ?
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion telephones worldwide , but specifically , the internationa | cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeles , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractua | agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 200 , 0 oo voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 00 o , 00 o and yap internationa | expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exciusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america .
* yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background aiso includes direct involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ’ s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 22 @ yahoo . com - )