Subject: technica | indicators are positive on this company
yap internationa | , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 12
watch this stock monday ! some of these little voip stocks have been really moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 20 o % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland .
under the terms of the agreement sts wiil assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business plan reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us do | | ar 50 o , 00 o bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wiil primarily be appiied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wi | | ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biliion teiephones woridwide , but specifically , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sateilite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca .
* yap
internationa | reveaied a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 0 oo , ooo and yap international expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exclusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background also includes direct involvement in the development of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celluiar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ’ s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing .
all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 26 @ yahoo . com - )