Subject: watch this hot pick fly
yap internationa | , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 12
watch this stock monday ! some of these little voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand .
under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us dollar 500 , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wiil primariiy be applied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additional equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercial contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these small cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wil | ypil join the ranks of steliar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications
company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion teiephones worldwide , but specificaily , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeles , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | personal gateway .
* yap international announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 200 , 0 oo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , ooo , oo 0 and yap international expects that its products wi | | comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is aiso
the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background also inciudes direct invoivement in the development of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceiluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio
telephone inc . of russia .
and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ’ s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when available , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 22 @ yahoo . com - )