Subject: stellar research points the way to maximizing success
yap internationa | , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 12
watch this stock monday ! some of these little voip stocks have been reaily moving lately .
and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand .
under the terms of the agreement sts wi | | assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business plan reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us doliar 500 , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wil | primarily be applied to rights payments and the assembly of the additional equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smal | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wi | | ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ?
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biilion teiephones woridwide , but specificaily , the international caliing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireiess capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeies , ca .
* yap
internationa | reveaied a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractual agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , ooo , 000 and yap internationa | expects that its products will comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exciusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has compieted 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background also includes direct invoivement in the deveiopment of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceiluiar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with milliken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ’ s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 27 @ yahoo . com - )