Subject: hot stocks for quick surge
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bu | | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns .
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in aiberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week
symbol - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % | ast three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wi | | up again ?
the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the last two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - miliions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing we | | s and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantiy lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as we | | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the syivan lake project wil | begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are oniy waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 30 miles from sylvan lake . the initia | we | | is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initial wel | . each development weil has probable production of 15 o barrels of oil per day and 75 o miliion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 300 , ooo barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the syivan lake field has produced 500 barrels of oil per day with over one miilion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to driil up to 4 more weils on these | and sections . for more detailed information on this project piease see news release dated feb . 7 th , 20 o 5 . an announcement will be made immediately upon the commencement of driiling .
the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be compiete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous deiays , however , this wel | wi | | be tied in and the company wiil be seliing gas by next week thus generating cash fiow for the company ” the company will update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to compietion .
wiil mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critica | .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ’ s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing .
ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press
releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 29 @ yahoo . com - )