Subject: at this price its a steel
yap international , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 17
watch this stock tuesday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 10 o % , 200 % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand .
under the terms of the agreement sts wi | | assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company ? business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technology . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us dollar 500 , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge faciiity will primarily be appiied to rights payments and the assembly of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercial contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these small cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wil | ypil join the ranks of steliar performers ?
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biliion telephones worldwide , but specifica | | y , the international caliing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite , and has wireless capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international persona | gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap international announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 200 , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , ooo , 00 o and yap internationa | expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exciusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background also inciudes direct invoivement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ce | | uiar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with milliken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi |
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ? actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here ( - jeff 2005 @ fastmail . fm - )