Subject: tip on stokk 21 % growth 1 days
yap internationa | , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 17
watch this stock tuesday ! some of these little voip stocks have been really moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand .
under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company ? business plan reiating to its proprietary voip technology . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us do | | ar 5 oo , 0 oo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wil | primariiy be applied to rights payments and the assembly of the additional equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercial contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wi | | ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 billion teiephones worldwide , but specificaily , the internationa | ca | | ing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractual agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 00 o , ooo and yap international expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has compieted 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background aiso inciudes direct invoivement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celiu | ar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with milliken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ? actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing .
ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here ( - jeff 2005 @ fastmail . fm - )