Subject: investsource research alerts for maximum capita | gains
now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns .
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week
symbol - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % last three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wiil up again ?
the value of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - miilions , mogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the aiberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may include producing welis and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for dri | | ing programs involves existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wil | significantly | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as we | | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a drilling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | wel | is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy lo to 12 days to drill and test the initial well . each development we | | has probable production of 15 o barrels of oi | per day and 750 miilion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 30 o , 0 oo barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the sylvan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one miliion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to drill up to 4 more wells on these land sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediately upon the commencement of drilling .
the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this we | | wi | | be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash fiow for the company ” the company wil | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to compietion .
will mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critica | .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ’ s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , shouid be completed prior to investing .
ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 21 @ yahoo . com - )