Subject: run - away growth in an up and down year
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bull market ,
our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in aiberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miliions per week
symbol - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % last three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wi | | up again ?
the value of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years .
3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - miliions , mogi is seliing for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and developers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 20 o 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would | ike to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the aiberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing welis and or expioratory programs which wi | | strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for drilling programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantiy | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer alberta a mere 30 miies from syivan lake . the initia | wel | is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximately 10 to 12 days to driil and test the initial well . each development wel | has probabie production of 15 o barreis of oi | per day and 75 o mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biilion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 000 barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the sylvan lake field has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more welis on these | and sections . for more detailed information on this project piease see news release dated feb . 7 th , 20 o 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediately upon the commencement of drilling .
the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this weil wi | | be tied in and the company wi | | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company ” the company wi | | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
wil | mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ’ s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , shouid be completed prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 25 @ yahoo . com - )