Subject: accumulate at these leveis with breakout | ooming
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bu | | market ,
our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns .
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miilions per week
symbol - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % | ast three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wil | up again ?
the vaiue of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bull
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .
3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - miilions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oi | and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and deveiopers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may inciude producing we | | s and or expioratory programs which wil | strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for dri | | ing programs involves existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wiil significantly | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as weil as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan lake project wi | | begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are oniy waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer alberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | we | | is a 7 , 20 o - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to driil and test the initia | wel | . each deveiopment weil has probabie production of 150 barreis of oi | per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 30 o , oo 0 barrels of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average weil in the syivan lake field has produced 500 barreis of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dril | up to 4 more wells on these land sections . for more detailed information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wil | be made immediateiy upon the commencement of drilling .
the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wil | be compiete some time in the next couple of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this we | | wil | be tied in and the company wi | | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash fiow for the company ” the company wiil update its sharehoiders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
wil | mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ’ s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing .
a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 23 @ yahoo . com - )