Subject: looking for mold service
dear sir ,
hope you and your company are getting on well . if there is anything that we can do for you , please feel free to write email to info @ fina - mould . com to contact me .
fina mould is an injection mould and plastic parts manufacturer in shenzhen , china . we have rich experience in the mould - making and moulding technique . we provide professional suggestion to our customers on the design of their products . iso 9002 certified fina mould is looking to establish a long - term , mutually beneficial relationship with your company .
mould design and the manufacturing system are under the control of our experienced international team . your project is personally managed by one of our project engineers . sometimes we also help our customers to design their products . this helps us to make delivery just - in - time and lead to high quality .
fina mould is aware of the price competitive environment in the european and north american markets , a major factor contributing to our rapid growth . many manufacturers are now outsourcing the mould and plastic parts manufacture to an offshore company and we hope that you consider our company as your offshore source for quality tools and plastic parts .
last year fina mould shipped over 260 mould sets to europe and usa .
for more details , feel free to contact me directly or visit our website at www . fina - mould . com
looking forward to hearing from you , i remain .
with kindest regards ,
eileen lee / sales manager
fina mould co . , ltd .
zhanfeng zone hangchen industrial district xixiang town baoan shenzhen city
, 518103 , people ` s republic of china
tel : + 86 - 755 - 8124 8842
fax : + 86 - 755 - 2681 8902
email : info @ fina - mould . com
home : www . fina - mould . com
¡ ö ² êó ¡ õû? ³ èïş ¯ şí » § ôùëí ¡ ¶ ãÀŞú ½ øşúéìãûâü ¡ · ïêçé : http : / / usatrade . cnnb . net ¡ ö
¡ ö À ­ ëŞî ¬ üóëŞŞúüêæû ³ µáãåäüşü ° êûßó · şîñõŞÀÀ » á » ğèèõğõŞöğ ïêçé : http : / / usashow . cnnb . net / ¡ ö
¡ ö · ãîê : http : / / usachina . cnnb . net ãâ · ñë÷è ¡ ãÀŞú ² éŞßğåïÜ ! ! ! ¡ ö