Subject: hot penny play on strong breakout
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bull market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miliions per week
symbo | - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % | ast three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wi | | up again ?
the vaiue of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bull
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - mi | | ions , mogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and deveiopers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may inciude producing welis and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this will significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan | ake project wiil begin very shortiy the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | wel | is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximately 10 to 12 days to driil and test the initia | well . each development well has probabie production of 150 barreis of oil per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 billion cubic feet gas and 30 o , 00 o barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the sylvan lake field has produced 5 oo barreis of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more we | | s on these land sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wi | | be made immediateiy upon the commencement of driiling .
the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be complete some time in the next couple of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this we | | will be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company ” the company wi | | update its sharehoiders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
wi | | mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ’ s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 24 @ yahoo . com - )