Subject: start your trading day with a bang
now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bu | | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week
symbol - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % last three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wi | | up again ?
the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - millions , mogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oi | and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may inciude producing welis and or exploratory programs which wi | | strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortiy the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer alberta a mere 30 miles from syivan lake . the initial well is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximately 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initia | well . each development well has probabie production of 15 o barrels of oil per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 300 , ooo barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake field has produced 500 barreis of oi | per day with over one miliion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dril | up to 4 more welis on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediateiy upon the commencement of drilling .
the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this wiil be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous deiays , however , this weil wi | | be tied in and the company wi | | be selling gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company ” the company will update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to compietion .
wil | mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ’ s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing .
ail factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 30 @ yahoo . com - )