Subject: share price will not stay here
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 23
watch this stock thursday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lately .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 200 % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand .
under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company ? business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technology . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us dollar 50 o , 0 oo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wi | | primariiy be applied to rights payments and the assembly of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . will ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biliion teiephones woridwide , but specifica | | y , the internationa | caliing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeles , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | persona | gateway .
* yap international announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractua | agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 00 o voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 00 o , 0 oo and yap international expects that its products wi | | comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exclusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background aiso includes direct involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceilular phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypi | ? actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to investing .
al | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here ( - jeff 2005 @ fastmail . fm - )