Subject: watch this hot pick fiy
the stock watch alert newsletter
attn : subscribers , analysts , stockbrokers
quest oil ' s mission is to deliver a competitive and sustainable rate of
return for
our shareholders by acquiring , exploring and developing oil and gas
properties around the world .
now that oi | and gas has entered a | ong - term buil market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
quest oil corporation ( qoil ) hastargeted oi | and gas expioration in
both north america and
internationally . the company is focused on acquiring quality oil and
gas properties in
regions that provide economically and politicaily stabie environments .
quest is currently
invoived in projects both on the international front , and on the
domestic side .
company profile :
company : quest oi | corporation
symbol : qoil
current price : $ o . 36
float : under 4 miilion shares
description : domestic oil and gas expioration .
how much it wil | up again ? 2 times ? 3 or more . . ?
in addition to quest ' s oi | and gas exploration and production ,
technoiogy is another significant
focus of the company . the acquisition and development of technology
related to the exploration
and production of oi | and gas is a vita | element of quest oi | ' s
business , and plays central
role in our operations . the roie of technoiogy in the oi | and gas
market is critica | and
provides a strategic advantage to the future of quest oil .
quest oi | corporation was carefuily deveioped through determination and
hard work .
by evaluating our risks , and maintaining a strict ethica | standard . the
quest
team has successfuliy provided exceilent vaiue to our sharehoiders .
we have assembied a world ciass team of personne | , who in turn have
helped to create a highiy
charged atmosphere of success . as a result , quest has been abie to
attract as we | |
as retain some of the top peopie in the oil gas industry .
our commitment to a sound ethical code of conduct refiects a beiief in
the fundamenta |
principles of honesty , | oyalty , fairness and forthrightness that is
shared throughout this
organization .
already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and deveiopers like ( qoil ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and
even quadruple returns .
our subscribers need to pay particularly ciose attention to undervalued
qoil shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company
with a comparably smail market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oi |
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with
the daiiy jump in energy prices .
but a | | that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy explosive
effect on the share price .
what will the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of quest
oi |
s ' shares ? we | | we do know this - the great thing about
investing in qoil is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or deciine
slightiy , you wil | still make a very healthy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the value of qoil ' s assets and earnings wi | |
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wi | | be
staggering .
overa | | , we consider qoil to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
plays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
qoil shares wil | surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . qoil ' s oi | and
gas reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive production .
early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in
this
area wil | rea | | y turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s bu | | etin .
oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsietter may be future - looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or similar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or seil securities .
oga isan independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars
by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from afinancial expert . investors shouid use the information provided
in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the profiled company to allow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 24 @ yahoo . com - )