Subject: the professional mba seminar
we are not affiliated with any university or college . we are a private
business consulting company .
the seminar ' s topics are linked together by two overarching business methodologies :
i . value - based financial management methodology
a . to
provide a return on investment ( roi ) to stockholders , management
has to continually increase the value of the business , through producing
significant profitable annual sales growth , which generates a sufficient
level of free cash flow .
although ,
profitability is the necessary condition of a business or product ,
it is not sufficient , because , contrary to conventional business
wisdom , profits are not cash . the necessary and sufficient condition
of a successful business or product is free cash flow , which is the
real measure of generated economic value .
b . in
addition , the free cash flow has to be at a sufficient minimum level
to cover the weighted average cost of capital , the risk adjusted
cost of capital or the opportunity cost of capital . in other words ,
before a company can generate a satisfactory level of free cash flow
to increase the value of the business , the company has to invest
capital and achieve a roi greater than the cost of the capital itself .
hence ,
looking upon a business as a collection of investment projects , for
example , investments in new or existing products , new manufacturing
equipment , sales programs , information technology software and systems ,
etc . , the goal has to be to have every investment project generate
or save a significant level of free cash flow , and thereby , achieve
a sufficient roi . accordingly , every investment project can , and
has to be measured on a free cash flow basis .
c . to
accomplish the above , companies have to measure the correct financial
value drivers , with the correct tools . in
addition , the companies have to use the same tools to
measure all the various types of investment projects , as well as ,
measuring the business as a whole , and utilize the identical tools employed
by professional investors , to assist them in making their investment
decisions vis - - vis the company .
consequently ,
companies cannot use standard accounting methods to measure roi ,
like return on equity ( roe ) or return on assets ( roa ) , which measure
substandard value producing activities . additionally , roe and roa
cannot be used to measure all the various types of investment projects ,
and professional investors cannot use them to make successful equity
and / or debt investment decisions .
ii .
value - based product marketing and development methodology
a . optimize
products and prices between buyers , competitors , and internal financial
requirements , using an externally driven development process , that
is , 1 ) identify the buyers ' problems , needs , and / or the benefits
required by the buyers ; 2 ) determine the value to be delivered to
the buyers , with emphasis on incremental value delivered via competitive
advantages ; 3 ) set prices based on the value delivered , pricing segments
analysis , pricing leverage analysis , pricing strategy and / or the
marketing strategy ; and 4 ) determine the product development investment
and manufacturing costs that can be justified .
b . identify
the business value creating market segments , and the product line
development sequencing , through the development of a strategic product
marketing plan , that identifies the market segments , price segments ,
optimum prices , product configurations , product development investments ,
manufacturing costs , targeted marketing and sales programs , and unique
product positionings .
c . identify
the value delivered to the buyers through price segments identification ,
pricing leverage analysis , competitive value analysis , and classifying
features and benefits based on the value they deliver to the buyers ,
that is , required , persuasive , and preemptive features and benefits ,
and detrimental , dissuasive , and preemptively dissuasive features .
amongst ,
the specific topics presented are :
1 ) how to identify the value producing market segments for a product ,
2 ) how to quickly evaluate new product or business opportunities , before
performing a detailed evaluation , and 3 ) why you should , and how to
calculate the free cash flow , and the return on investment ( roi ) generated
from a new or existing product investment , a marketing or sales program ,
an information technology system or a manufacturing automation investment .
on this
site , we list the major product and financial questions
answered in the seminar . these questions are especially informative
in respect to the overall content presented in the program . if you
or your people can answer these questions today , don ' t attend the seminar .
however , if you or they cannot answer these questions , please register for
one of our sessions .
this
seminar has been extremely well received by over 10 , 000 professionals
from large , and small companies . as affirmation , see the letters
from sharp electronics , manugistics , advanced micro devices , verizon ,
sony , ibm , varian associates , mdl information systems , and rise
technology .
in addition ,
to marketing and financial professionals , the seminar attracts sales ,
scientific , manufacturing , and engineering managers , who want to deepen
their understanding of the subjects covered . it helps them to design
and manufacture value - producing products , and to communicate more effectively
with their counterparts in the marketing and financial functions .
the seminar
provides the participants with real business skills that
can be applied to their everyday work tasks . one of the major skills
being the ability to think concretely about roi , and
to actually calculate it for all types of investments , for example ,
new or existing products , new manufacturing equipment , sales programs ,
information technology software and systems , etc .
in addition ,
although , the participants will learn how to evaluate the balance sheet ,
income and cash flow statements , the financial focus is not on debits
and credits or accounting mechanics . the emphasis
is on understanding financial objectives and analysis techniques .
if you want
to improve your or your peoples ability to think as product
marketing savvy and financially adroit business people , then please register yourself
or them for one of our seminars .
we
would also be happy to discuss an in - house seminar , either standard
or customized , with the associated reduced fee per attendee versus
the above fee for our public seminars .
we
also conduct an all financial version of this seminar called the
financial mba seminar . however , we only conduct this seminar as
an in - house session .
intelligent resources 106 pasatiempo drive santa cruz , ca 95060
