Subject: help .
attn : sir / madam , confidential business plan i humbly wish to seek your assistance in a matter thatis very important and needs utmost trust and confidence . i am mr . joe ibekwe , a business consultant and close confidant of one of nigerias most powerful family . the wife of top government official and an oil royalist who served in the past military regime in nigeria wishes to move out of nigeria the sum of us $ 24 . 7 million . she wishes to invest the aforementioned sum in viable investment oversea . for obvious reasons , my client does not wish to place this fund with established financial institution in the familys name for security reason . it is her desire that the deal is handled as quietly as possible without possibility of any leakage to the public or government as they have suffered a great lost in the past . she has therefore empowered and instructed me to look for a reliable foreigner who can arrange and receive the money in his or her account oversea and assist to invest the fund properly for the family . if you agree to act as a fund manager for my client and her family , i shall arrange to release the sum of us $ 24 . 7 million to you if you meet my requirement and upon a favourable response from you . i shall let you know how you will receive it . your commission shall be payment of 40 % of the total sum . and annual 10 % of the after tax returns on investment for the first five years . therefore , the terms shall be varied . be informed that arrangements have been made for you to receive the fund in abroad , so you must be ready to travel to abroad where you will sign the necessary documents for the release of the fund to your designated bank account . if you are capable and willing to participate in this transaction , reach me by this e - mail joeibekwe 37 @ volcanomail . com or as stated above . in any case , please keep it tight secret . goodbye and god bless . as i anxiously await your soonest positive response . best regards . mr . joe ibekwe .