Subject: undiscovered and uncovered smallcap choices
attention : brokers , analyst , pr / ir reps , promoters
your invited to
see us in action . . . .
watch this promo
wysk wysk wysk wysk
you saw esfs and jphc
now watch wysk . pk
on the 22 nd
wysk wysk wysk wysk
information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause wysk ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the company has pending lawsuits filed against it that could result in fiinacial losses to the company should they lose these lawsuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
unsubscribe : this report was sent by bcv llc . we are a fully canspam compliant organization and we will be glad to stop sending all future reports . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership ,
please use this link :
to ensure future delivery : to prevent this report from getting swept away by an overzealous spamfilter , please add our from address , saladin @ 1 stockalert . com , to your address book or safelist . you will find simple instructions for doing this included with your e mail client software .
security and privacy : bcv llc is concerned about your security and privacy . we will not ask you for any personal information such as creditcard numbers or passwords in one of our reports . if you receive such a request , do not respond . send a copy of any such requests to our contact address and we will forward it to the proper legal authority .
contact address : for any questions , comments , security or privacy issues or complaints about receiving this report , please write to : bcv llc , 3702 virginia street # gl 2 - 302 , reno nv 89502 . .
bcv llc legal information : bcv llc disseminates news and information , articles and industry research on behalf of its clients and public companies in the industry sectors . bcv llc can not assure the accuracy of the information contained in these reports even though we make every possible effort to complete due diligence in all aspects of research and information contained within our reports . this report should not be construed as a solicitation to purchase or sell any security . bcv llc is not a licensed broker , broker dealer , market maker , investment banker , investment consultant , analyst or underwriter .
this business solicitation is copyright 2005 by bcv llc . all rights reserved .
mon , 21 mar 2005 02 : 54 : 55 - 0800
