Subject: anaiyst deiivers best market piay report
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 22
watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lately .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 20 o % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap international inc . ( otc : ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a letter of intent with lmb technoiogies inc . for an exciusive license to its proprietary voip technologies for the geographic region of the caribbean .
subject to the conclusion of a definitive agreement , yap would provide lmb technologies inc . with exclusive access to market , distribute and re - | icense the stabie of voip related and products being developed by yap .
¡ § the caribbean market is growing in terms of it ¡ ¦ s access to the benefits of voip technologies . access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pleased to potentiaily partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a developing region ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | .
a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . will ypil join the ranks of steilar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biilion teiephones woridwide , but specificaily , the internationa | ca | | ing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sateilite , and has wireiess capabiiities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statem !
ents are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market !
for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers sho !
uid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to investing .
ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 35 @ yahoo . com - )