Subject: upward movement connects you to the insider ' s game
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 22
watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been really moving lately .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( otc : ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a letter of intent with lmb technologies inc . for an exclusive license to its proprietary voip technologies for the geographic region of the caribbean .
subject to the conciusion of a definitive agreement , yap wouid provide lmb technologies inc . with exciusive access to market , distribute and re - license the stable of voip reiated and products being developed by yap .
¡ § the caribbean market is growing in terms of it ¡ ¦ s access to the benefits of voip technologies . access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pieased to potentia | | y partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a developing region ¡ ¨ , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these small cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ?
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 billion teiephones woridwide , but specifica | | y , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeles , ca .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi |
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statem !
ents are based on information currentiy available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market !
for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers sho !
uld not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , shouid be completed prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 39 @ yahoo . com - )