Subject: special report reveals stock is a steal
the oil and gas advisory
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bu | | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us " oi | beit "
and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating
potentia | of mi | | ions per week .
breaking news ! ! !
emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity
for 22 - wel | re - entry in field with strong producing history and large recoverable reserves
south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and drilled by major oi | companies
in the 1970 s . the field is established with substantial recoverable reserves , estimated at over
3 . 9 miilion barrels of oil and about 2 biliion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay zones .
symbol - eogi
price - . 12
seil target - . 33 = diamond piay
the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - mi | | ions , eogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and
even quadrupie returns .
our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company
with a comparabiy small market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oil
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with
the daily jump in energy prices .
but all that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equaily expiosive
effect on
the share price .
what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oil and gas ' shares ? we | | we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in
the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline
siightly , you will still make a very heaithy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or
so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wi | |
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be
staggering .
overail , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
eogi shares will surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oil and
gas reserves are well established and are going into massive production .
early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this
area will rea | | y turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s bulletin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsletter may be future - looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and intend or similar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities .
oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this
newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 39 @ yahoo . com - )