Subject: company spotlight - - sprl ( full profile )
strat petroleum , ltd .
( sprl : otc . bb )
www . stratpetroleum . com
strat
petroleum , ltd . ( the " company " ) was the result of a reverse takeover of
f 2 broadcast network , inc . which was organized under the laws of the
state of nevada , to acquire licenses to develop oil and gas properties
in the russian federation . the company redomesticated to wyoming on july
9 , 2004 management intends , during the next six to twelve month period ,
to acquire interests in licenses for oil and gas properties that have
proven reserves and where possible capped or producing wells .
proposed business
the
company has entered into a memorandum of
understanding to acquire 49 % of a license in a property in the region of
orenburg called the rozhdestvenskoe oil site .
company direction
most significantly is the decline in the massive infrastructure needed
to keep the oil fields operational . many
soviet oil fields were thousands of kilometers away from their markets
and thousands of kilometers inland , in siberia or central asia . the
industry needed massive maintenance for pipeline systems and machinery .
partly it
was an effect of political chaos . in soviet days , the strong machinery
of the state had ensured that an industry like oil , vital for the whole
economy , was kept running no matter what . once central control was
weakened , russia ' s captains of industry started competing among
themselves for resources , and oil could not be guaranteed primacy .
that
russia has substantial reserves of oil is old news . what is new is the
dramatically enhanced role in russian politics , oil technology , and
energy markets have given to its petroleum sector . throughout the
1990 ' s , privatization in russia and innovations in exploration and
drilling technologies brought into production oil fields that had until
then been underperforming or completely off - limits , has resulted in
increased production to
8 . 2 mbd in 2003 .
to energy
companies worried about growing domestic instability among the major oil
exporters of the middle east , russia has become an even more attractive
hedge . regardless of its political turmoil , russia will continue to
appeal to oil companies , which know how to operate profitably in
countries with weak property rights and unstable politics .
symbol
otc . bb sprl
recent price $ 0 . 17
management
key
management personnel has considerable and varied experience in
establishing
and building companies and in combination with knowledge , strong network
of contacts
and many years of experience in navigating through the russian
bureaucracy to ensure success of ventures entered into .
h . sam hyams - president & ceo
mr . hyams holds a masters degree in business administration from york
university in ontario and is a chartered accountant . his experience over
the past 20 years in canadian industry and on the international scene
has included positions in finance and accounting to assisting in
establishing new ventures by securing financing , and managing their
business plans . mr . hyams has also acted as a consultant to small and
medium sized businesses , advising them on strategic plans for growth ,
acquisitions and divestitures .
chaim flatt - executive v . p .
business development
mr . flatt holds b . sc . degree in mechanical engineering from the kaunas
polytechnic
university in russia . he brings over 30 years of knowledge , experience
and network of
contacts developed in the areas of project development , financing and
international
trade . mr . flatt is president of arad energy products co . which has been
involved in
projects in the russian federation and other cis countries since the
late
1980 ' s with focus on the natural resource sector . in the past few years
mr . flatt has concentrated on trade of oil and oil products , which has
allowed him to build a very good network of contacts in the russia and
the cis
lev perelman - consulting
engineer
mr . perelman holds bs and ms degrees in civil engineering and gas supply
systems
from the university of n . novgorod ( russia ) and holds a bs degree in
power
engineering from southern alberta institute of technology of calgary
( alberta , canada ) in russia he was employed by gazprom and has been
actively involved in oil / gas , development , processing and consulting
since 1973 . he was involved in the
development of the volga " transgas " and moscowgaspipeline " oil and gas
pipelines .
chyang wen - v . p . business china
& far east
mr . wen holds an m . b . a . degree from york university in ontario , and his
career spanning more than 20 year includes banking with experience in
commercial credit and comptrollers division . he was involved in
establishing a manufacturing business in the pesticide industry where
his responsibilities including all financial and marketing
functions . for the past several years he has been a consultant to
business and
businessmen in china and the far east in attracting investment and
investors to
canada . mr . wen will use his strong network in those countries to secure
investment and contracts for the sale of crude oil and oil products .
disclosure : this tri - state capital alert provides information on selected
companies . it is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this
report is provided as an information service only , and the statements and
opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation
to buy or sell any security . tsc accepts no liability for any loss arising
from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment in agmg
is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a
person can afford a complete loss of investment . tri - state capital has
received $ 8 , 000 . 00 from a non - affiliated third party , for the publication
and circulation of this report . this report contains forward - looking
statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking
statements . copyright 2004 by . all rights reserved .
.
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
