Subject: a very promising undervalued and overlooked small - cap
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm )
a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the multibillion - doilar medical
devices business .
current price : 0 . o 85
wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medica | solutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successfu | ciinical triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant
interest from numerous woridwide medical distribution organizations .
the worldwide distribution of swms products
during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as we | | as
medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard poweil , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard ™ product for oem
| icense to major national distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in
discussions with worid piayers on the internationa | distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
wiil make an official announcement once this is finalized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initial
product launch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management beiieves that the company represents strong potential as a volume
manufacturing / sales company . the compiete product line , encompassing a
wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wiil begin its prototype
testing once the initia | labguard ™ product is officiaily | aunched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending
rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into worldwide healthcare markets
currentiy involved in ciinical investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medica | solutions continues to
deveiop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community .
with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potentia | entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as well as disposabie surgica | devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and build a heaithy portfoiio of high
demand products .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no
thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 1 tip @ yahoo . com