Subject: otc review anaiysts pick
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in
alberta canada , is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted
reservoirs .
aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas
( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oi | and gas inc . ( mogi - news )
announces that the sylvan lake oil and gas project is still awaiting a
rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have
been waiting for a rig to become availabie for over two weeks , and
anticipate this to happen next week at the | atest .
the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project .
symbo | - mogi
price - . 43
reasons to conside mogi :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves potentiaily worth muiti - miliions , mogi is selling for | ess
than 1 / 4 the value of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already
shares in the oi | and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | |
market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors
for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains
are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie
and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) peter sanders notes : ` ` with the
prices of oil at all - time highs and with the popularity of driliing in
alberta , canada , the demand for rig and crew is at an a | | - time high as
well ; ail we can do is be patient unti | a rig is secured . al | permits
are in place and shareholders wil | be updated once drilling begins . ' '
montana oi | and gas will participate in a minimum 4 - well program , on a
third for a quarter basis , cailed syivan lake , | ocated west of red
deer , alberta . montana oil and gas ' cost per well is 18 o , ooo , with the
first well to be drilled upon rig availability . it is a 7 , 2 oo - foot
peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and in upper pay zone
` ` shunda ' ' for gas . each deveiopment well has probable production of a
minimum 150 barreis of oil per day and 750 , oo 0 cubic feet gas per day
with potential reserves in excess of 1 billion cubic feet gas and
300 , ooo barrels oi | . there are five prospective pay zones , the average
wel | in the syivan lake field has produced 5 oo barreis oi | per day with
over one miliion cubic feet gas per day
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on
information currently available and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ' s actual resuits ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those
expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors
that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable
customers .
other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of
licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need
for
additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possibie voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of
ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating
resuits .
the publisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a
materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading .
ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing ,
stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice .
the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert .
subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance
of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the
resuits in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember ,
as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings
at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be complete d
prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered
from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and
company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen
thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the
publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 44 @ yahoo . com - )