Subject: a bachelors degree in no time - start now bait - excelled @ em . ca
having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here .
you now have the ability to truly change your life forever by earning a quality
associate ' s and / or bachelor ' s degree online from saint leo university !
combine your ambition with an internet connection and you ' ve positioned
yourself for that dream job or raise you ' ve always wanted . study anytime ,
anywhere , while minimizing the impact on your personal life or
professional obligations . we offer a wide variety of degrees online :
associate of arts ( aa )
business administration
liberal arts
bachelor of arts ( ba )
accounting
business administration
management
health care management
accounting
criminal justice
bachelor of science ( bs )
computer information systems
minor ' s
human resource administration
having trouble financing your online education ? our personal student
services representatives can show you many sources of financial assistance
and how easy it is to apply .
take charge of your destiny today . . . change your life forever . . .
earn a degree online from saint leo university !
* regionally accredited
* streaming video lectures
* message boards & chat
rooms - enhanced
interaction
* no campus attendance
* no special login times
* 8 week sessions , offered 6 times per year
you are receiving this email because you have requested to
receive special announcements regarding educational programs . if you feel
you have received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional
information click
here or mail to : remove | 9417 princess palm ave . | tampa , florida 33619 - 8313
source code : 6729 zs 3
saint leo university ' s online associate ' s and bachelor ' s
degree programs are made available by the university alliance online , a
bisk education network . the university alliance , with over 150 , 000
enrollments , is the largest exclusive e - learning provider of online
multimedia degree and certificate programs from regionally accredited
universities . please address comments to mailto : info @ universityalliance . com
this message is a solicitation .
if you wish to opt - out from
further e - mails , please
go here .
you can also write to us at :
opt - out department
6311 van nuys blvd # 403
van nuys , ca 91401
