Subject: take a look at this profit - making powerhouse
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 18
watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been
realiy moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that through its
exciusive centra | and south american distributor representaciones
gorbea sa ( rgsa ) that fina | interoperabiiity testing of the nomad
voip cpe ( customer premise equipment ) operating over asterisk based
soft switches wiil begin the week of april 5 , 2 oo 5 .
gorbea sa has secured a contract to deploy 200 , 000 voip customer
premise
devices for guatemaia with the second | argest telecommunications
carrier
in the region . upon compietion of these interoperability tests yap
international expects to see revenues in the next 9 o days .
" we are very excited for yap internationa | and its investors . we have
the very rea | opportunity to grow 3 times the amount of paying
customers
that at & t calivantage service garnered in its first year , and a simiiar
amount to vonage in its first year , without spending in excess of a
hundred
miilion doliars in advertising , or having the teiecommunications
giant ' s ( at & t ) brand name recognition . in fact , our marketing expense
to
date has relied entireiy upon decades of reiationships in the
international
teiecommunications arena , and of course a better mouse trap , " states
joseph
weaver , president and chief operating officer of yap international .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice
over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip
technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for
its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push
button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting
the market of more than 1 . 1 billion telephones woridwide , but
specificaily , the international cailing market as it pertains to
foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the
company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite ,
and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are
located in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeies , ca .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives ,
goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on
information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actual results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those
expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors
that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable
customers .
other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of licensed
technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for
additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating
resuits .
the publisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this
message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information
provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this
stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative
of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a
review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when
avaiiable , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate
shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be
aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the
publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the
materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 50 @ yahoo . com - )