Subject: award notification
the lottery promotion company limited
churchill house , chalvey road east
slough , berkshire sll 2 ls
from : the desk of the promotions manager ,
international promotions / prize award department ,
ref : lw 907686 and batch no : 22 / 457 / epll .
attention : sir / madam ,
re / award notification
we are pleased to notify you of the announcement today of winners of the lottery promotion
company limited programs held on 12 th of march 2005 as part of our first quarter of the year
bonanza .
you or your company , attached to ticket number 1416 - 4612 , with serial number 458625 drew the
lucky numbers 60 - 17 - 7 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in the " 1 st " category .
you have been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 5 , 500 , 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no :
lw 907686 this is from total prize money of us $ 16 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared among the three ( 3 )
international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer
balloting system drawn form 77 , 000 email address of individuals and company name at a random from
middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe and north america and oceania as part of our
international promotions program , which is conducted annually sponsor by major companies in uk .
congratulations !
your file for payment has been forwarded to our financial handlers for category " a " and to
immediately collect your prize , please contact our category " a " financial handlers with
information below :
mr . forest anderson
bluearc limited
6 st andrew street
london
ec 4 a 3 lx
tel : + 447040101599
fax : + 447092840755
email : bluearc 70 @ mail . com
for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . in
your best interests and to avoid complications you must initiate contact within one week of
receipt of this correspondence . blue arc london ltd . will handle all matters with regards to
claiming your prize . all correspondences to mr . forest anderson , either by fax or email , should
have this email sent along with it and also , your full address , your country of residence
and your email address to which this email is sent , should be clearly and boldly written in your
response with your claims agent .
note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your
reference lw 907686 and batch numbers 22 / 457 / epll in every correspondences with mr . forest
anderson . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform mr . forest anderson
as soon as possible . you are to keep all lottery information from the public as we will not
entertain cases of multiple claims processing or compromise the privacy and security for all
winners congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions
program .
sincerely yours ,
mrs . lisa jones
the promotions manager .
the lottery promotion company limited
n . b .
anybody under the age of 18 cannot participate in this program and any breach of confidentiality
on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . do not reply to this mail . contact
your claim agent .
disclaimer : this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the addressee ( s ) named herein . if you are not the intended recipient or addressee , you should not use , disseminate , distribute , copy or alter this email . any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and might not represent those of " the lottery promotion company limited . " and or its units .
warning : although reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure no viruses are present in this email , the company cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of
this email or attachments . if you have received this electronic mail message in error , please contact the sender directly .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com