Subject: ensure to acknowledge the reciept of this letter
nigerian national petroleum corporationfalomo office complex , ikoyi , lagosfrom the desk of engr . peter . c . musadirect tel / fax : 234 - 8029744421
we are making this contact with you because of the reliable information we gathered from the nigerian chambers of commerce and industry highlighting company ' s profile . the information is so positive as to convince us that you would be capable to provide us with a solution to a money transfer transaction of fifteen million u . s . dollars ( us $ 15 , 000 , 000 ) . we are members of the special review committee for budget and planning of the ministry of petroleum . this committee is principally concerned with contract appraisals of the approval of contracts in order of priorities as regards capital project of the military government of nigeria . with our positions , we have successfully secured for ourselves the sum of fifteen million u . s . dollars ( us $ 15 , 000 , 000 ) . this amount was accumulated through undeclared windfall from sales of crude oil during the gulf war .
what we need from you is to provide a very vital account into which the funds will be transferred . my colleagues and i have agreed to compensate the owner of the account used for the transaction with three million u . s . dollars ( us $ 3 , 000 , 000 ) . then one million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ( us $ 1 , 5000 , 000 ) will be reserved and kept aside for expenses incurred during the course of this transfer both at the account holder ' s end and our end here . while the balance of ten million five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ( us $ 10 , 500 , 000 ) will be for me and my other colleagues . it will interest you to know , two years ago a similar transaction was carried out with one mr . patrice miller , the president of craine international trading corporation at no . 135 , east 57 th street , 28 th floor , new york . 10022 with telephone no . ( 212 ) 308 - 7788 and telex no . 6731689 after the agreement between both partners in which he was to take 20 % . the money was duly transferred into his account only to be disappointed on our arrival in new york and we were reliably informed that mr . patrice miller was no longer at that address while his telephone and telex numbers were reallocated to somebody else . that was how we lost ( us $ 20 , 000 , 000 ) to mr . patrice miller .
despite the various researches carried out to ascertain your personality we can only move ahead if you further assure us of your honesty and promise to keep this top secret and treat with utmost confidentiality it deserves .
not that we are men of proven integrity in our various fields and you are one of the privileged few that are opportuned to have this piece of information .
if the proposal satisfies you , fax or phone your urgent response using the above tel / fax number so that we can discuss modalities involved or send me your direct cell phone for further discussion . this transaction is totally risk free .
do not mind the handwritten envelope . it is an intentional guise to remove suspicion .
yours faithfully
engr . peter . c . musa
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio = wanp & cod = dgo 44