Subject: softnet technology ( otcbb : sttc ) >
softnet technology corp . ( otcbb : sttc )
what could be a more bullish sign for a public company than
its ceo buying back a ton of shares ? very little , and the
fact that the ceo / president of softnet has purchased over
1 million shares of sttc in the open market speaks
volumes about his commitment and belief in the company ' s
prospects . that in turn generally instills confidence
in employees , business partners , analysts , shareholders and
we expect , our readers . but what ’ s his motivation ?
here ’ s what we know . in real estate , it ' s always been
“ location , location , location ! ” in the 1990 s technology
boom , it was “ platform , platform , platform ! ” after the
internet stock bubble burst and the market sorted out the
strong from the weak , things settled down and a new term
gained prominence in technology circles : “ search engine . ” as
yahoo grew and ebay became interactive , tech visionaries
could see that “ engine , engine , engine ! ” was the market ' s
newest money making mantra .
in this millennium , the growth of google and ask jeeves
has proven that a good search engine can be a terrific money
maker for its owners . softnet technology , has its
own proprietary commerce search engine that operates the
innovative wholesalebyus . ( softnet acquired
wholesalebyus ( wbu ) on july 9 , 2004 ) .
as softnet changed its name and trading symbol to meet
its new business model in august of this year , management
chose to retain one of the company ' s best performing
products , instead of selling it off . sttc created a
solutions technology subsidiary that would be solely
dedicated to the company ' s securetime ® biometric
payroll system . that ' s insight - and industry insiders
liked the way softnet handled the transition and retention
of a prime revenue stream .
so , the company now includes a search engine that
internet retailers can use to their benefit and a biometric
id system for securing work areas and producing complete
payroll accuracy … in addition to their present ventures .
softnet is already operating in the restaurant industry
and the casino industry with its securetime ® software ( can
hospitals and hotels be far behind ? ) and the recent
launch of the wholesalebyus web site utilizing the
company ' s proprietary search engine is a clear indicator
that the company is on track , moving ahead , and generating
sales . the aggressive nature of softnet ' s management and
the products softnet has in operation may well warrant
bookmarking their symbol and watching what happens .
solutions technology , inc . ( sti )
offers a customized biometric system as a service that
integrates fingerprint recognition security seamlessly into
virtually any business . the system will dramatically
minimize a company ’ s risks , streamline its processes , track
its resources , and trim its labor costs .
overview
softnet technology ( otcbb : sttc ) is a technology based
company that through has two wholly - owned subsidiaries -
solutions technology and wholesalebyus . solutions
technology ’ s plan centers around the company ' s ability to
offer a complete biometric turnkey solution for a small or
mid - sized company that needs to collect time and attendance ,
scheduling , entitlements , and personal / pay records . with a
seamless interface to payroll services , it provides the
client with one of the most cohesive time and attendance
management systems available anywhere . wholesale by us
provides internet sales predominately via ebay . the system
is designed to sell products with minimal labor costs
attached to the product . the largest product line is
electronics , but is not limited too . wholesalebyus also sell
ceiling fans , water fountains , media accessories , and car
components .
profile
solutions technology , inc .
solutions technology , inc . ( sti ) provides biometric
identification solutions that easily integrate into customer
business processes , and optimize several areas of business
management that due to issues of security and inefficiecy ,
have historically squeazed companies ’ profitablility . these
areas include : identity verification , secure site access ,
and time attendance . furthermore , the company , through its
experienced management team , has developed a business model
that will allow the company to completely eliminate the
complexity and the cost of ownership for its customers . the
combination of the sti tehnology and revolutionary business
model have it positioned to provide a value proposition for
businesses of any size , that will simply be difficult to
beat .
the first part of the solutions technology equation , that
seperates the company from others , is that sti offers its
positive identification verification systems as a service .
in other words , sti customers do not need to make an
investment in hardware , software licensing , maintenance
contract , spare parts . the customer will never need to
purchase upgrades , and will never need an it staff . the
securetime system is simple to adopt , making it unique in an
industry that due to the high cost of ownership and the
complexity of biometric systems , has made it impossible for
many companies to implement a solution that meets all of
their needs .
sti also has developed proprietary technology , unmatched
in its industry . solutions technology , inc . ( sti ) offers a
customized biometric system as a service that integrates
fingerprint recognition security seamlessly into virtually
any business . the system will dramatically minimize a
company ’ s risks , streamline its processes , track its
resources , and trim its labor costs . the sti system
generates the secure data transactions and the reports that
companies must have in order to raise the standards for
security and efficiency of its business processes .
securetime ® biometric solutions utilize cutting edge
technologies that identify , capture , and manage these
resources and other demand information . the system enables
clients to supervise and control their resources precisely
and become more efficient , directly affecting their bottom
line .
the system consists of two key components : stand alone
biometric terminals and a back office suite of software
services managed by sti . the terminals operate independently
at your site and are synchronized via internal modem or
internet access . each biometric terminal verifies identity
while recording a time - stamped transaction . the configurable
back office suite performs data collection and report
generation in a variety of formats , media types and delivery
methods . furhtermore , sti ’ s new securetime online allows a
business to get its own reports at any time from anywhere .
typical applications for the flexible securetime ® system
are :
identity verification ( tracks your resources
precisely , by location )
secure site access ( controls your alarms , turnstiles ,
and / or doors )
time attendance ( calculates labor hours , exports
directly to your payroll service )
wholesalebyus
wholesalebyus ( wbu ) is a web - based , application server
based software system that looks to take advantage of the
boom in internet commerce . in fact , google ' s ipo focused
investor attention on the growth of the overall search
engine marketplace , while shopping . com ' s ipo helped focus
investor attention on comparison shopping search . wbu looks
to take advantage of this burgeoning industry through its
proprietary technology that optimizes every aspect of the
internet marketplace . the wbu system gives customers the
ability to provide suppliers , manufacturers , retail stores
and the like , exponentially expanded visibility and
awareness for their products .
distribution and sale of manufacturer , supplier and
retail outlet products utilizing the wbu technology for
distribution and sale dramatically increases awareness and
visibility for these products through different portals on
the internet . wbu ' s technology allows the companies that
supply the products for sale through the wbu system to
benefit from increased product offerings at no additional
cost . the process simply cuts through the shopping search
clutter to bring , the lowest retail price .
how wholesalebyus works
product descriptions and prices are mass uploaded by
wholesalebyus to amazon , and to ebay , as “ buy it now ” items .
product descriptions and prices are also uploaded to
wholesalebyus ' s web site . upon order receipt , products are
ordered from a manufacturer ' s or distributor ' s inventory
usually within a day . products are generally shipped to the
buyer with three days of order receipt . if an item is out of
stock , the buyer ' s money is refunded immediately by
wholesalebyus .
in the short existence of one year , wbu has been able to
reach the platinum seller status on ebay . wbu has been able
to achieve and maintain a 99 . 5 % satisfaction feedback rate
or higher on ebay . the shopping cart created by wbu has
integrated a back end system to process orders , inventory ,
purchase ordering system , sales tracking and an email
system .
just over a month ago , sttc ' s new wholly owned
subsidiary , wholesalebyus . com was offering only 150 products
for sale on ebay . com . in just one short month , wbu has
expanded its ability to provide increased exposure for other
companies ' products on the internet to amazon . com and
ebay . com . now , the product offering has increased over 6600 %
to more than 10 , 000 products . the genius displayed by the
wbu management is not just in increasing the product
offering , but increasing it at no additional cost to the
companies that supply the product for sale through the wbu
system .
symbol
otc . bb
sttc
recent price $ 0 . 215
rating : strong purchase
near - term target : 0 . 45
long - term target : 1 . 0 omarket cap : 11 . 3 million
outstanding shares : 51 . 33 million
52 week hi / low : $ 0 . 02 / $ 0 . 33
the softnet management team
mr . james m . farinella , ceo and president , and mr . david facciani ,
executive vice president champion the corporation ’ s management team .
with 50 years of experience in creating and managing complex ,
multi - million dollar organizations , the dynamic team has amassed an
impressive record of success and growth . their innovative vision and
ability to capitalize on the latest in marketing attendance management
technologies and gaming products gives the corporation the experienced
stability needed to succeed in the highly dynamic global and technical
marketplace . management has varied experience including startups to
working for fortune 500 companies . this varied experience has been and
will continue to be valuable to the company in the transition that has
already occurred in going from a development stage to growth stage
company and now in taking softnet technolgy into the future .
recent headlines
softnet technology generates record one month and
one quarter revenue
bernardsville , nj , march 30 , 2005 – softnet technology ( otcbb symbol :
sttc ) ( german wkn # : aob 7 rz ) is pleased to announce today that the
company has and will generate more revenue than ever recorded in a
30 - day period for the month of march . additionally , the company will
also record more revenue , in the first quarter than ever recorded in any
one quarter before .
two of softnet technology ’ s wholly owned subsidiaries , indigo technology
and wholesalebyus , have ramped up their operations in the past 90 days
to accelerate revenues at a quickened pace . each of these two
subsidiaries will generate their best performance , for one quarter ( this
first quarter ) , in their respective histories . more impressive is that
indigo and wbu each will have generated more than 50 % of their total
revenues for the quarter in just the month of march . softnet technology
as a company is expected to generate approximately $ 200 , 000 in sales for
just the month of march – the best one month in the history of sttc .
sttc ’ s wholly owned subsidiary , ( wbu ) www . wbushopping . com , individually
will generate record revenues for the month of march . total internet
sales will far exceed $ 150 , 000 for the month . more astonishing is the
fact that more than two thirds of the revenues generated in march were
generated in the second half of the month . this is made possible from
all of the technology and procedure changes that were made in december
2004 and january 2005 . however , total recorded revenue , for the quarter ,
will be calculated using only sales of products that have been shipped
to the customer . all sales not recorded in the first quarter will carry
over to the second quarter .
other company news - sttc subsidiary solutions technology has hired
sales people in an initial effort to begin a large - scale rollout of the
securetime system . final programming adjustments are being made as well
for softnet international gmbh in preparation of turning the wbu system
live in foreign countries with products for sale from those foreign
jurisdictions . the media blitz with tva productions has begun and will
ramp up and be in full swing over the next 30 days .
“ it took a few months to get things going strong again after the
shutdown in early december . but , sales are now back up and even above
the levels that we experienced in november of 2004 , ” said mr . james m .
farinella , ceo / president of softnet technology . “ we have added new
programmers and management positions that will ensure continued
accelerated and stable growth for the overall company . ”
•
softnet
subsidiary , indigo , is contracted to implement a networking
software architecture project for a new jersey based insurance
company
business wire ( mon , mar 21 )
•
softnet technology corp . files sec form 10 ksb , annual report
edgar online ( wed , mar 16 )
•
softnet
subsidiary , wholesalebyus , shows more than a 300 % increase in items
sold on a daily basis - tva media blitz begins next week
business wire ( wed , mar 16 )
•
sttc
subsidiary , wholesalebyus , expands product distribution to price
grabber . com and adds several more co - branders
business wire ( wed , mar 9 )
•
softnet
subsidiary , indigo , signs 2 - year master consulting agreement and is
awarded contracts for internet support of 5 more hotels
business wire ( mon , mar 7 )
•
allpennystocks . com spotlights softnet technology corp .
primezone media network ( mon , mar 7 )
•
sttc
subsidiary , wholesalebyus , adds a library of 400 , 000 music and movie
products - adds new credit card processing on wbu website
business wire ( thu , mar 3 )
contacts
headquarters
james m . farinella , ceo / pr / cb
1 anderson road , suite 105
bernardsville , nj 07924 united states
phone : ( 866 ) 898 - 4842
fax : ( 908 ) 204 - 0201
www . softnettechnology . com
stock quotes
http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q ? s = sttc . ob
disclaimer
this
profile published by otc live , inc is an independent
electronic publication providing information and factual
analysis on selected companies . all statements and
expressions are the opinion of otc live , inc and are not
meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or
recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . investing
in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an
extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a
broker dealer or
a registered investment advisor
. it is
possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or
impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies
profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the
featured companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc
believes its sources to be reliable , associates of otc live ,
inc , or any affiliated parties make no representation or
warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided .
readers should not rely solely on the information contained
in this publication , but should consult with their own
independent tax , business and financial advisors with
respect to any investment opportunity , including any
contemplated investment in the advertised company .
factual statements in this publication are made as of the
date stated and are subject to change without notice . otc live , inc is
not responsible for any claims made by the company . we have prepared
this report , drawing upon a range of public news , the company ' s website
and information from sources in the industry , as well as data and
opinions provided by the company . prior to issuing this report , the
company reviewed and approved the contents in writing hereof . otc live ,
inc has not independently verified the company ' s representations . any
opinions expressed in this report are statements of judgment as of the
date of publication . we urge readers to carefully verify all
presentations within the report independently . the receipt of this
publication shall not create , under any circumstances , any implication
that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled
since the date of review . this advertisement does not provide an
analysis of the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this
advertisement has been compensated eight thousand dollars by a third party for the preparation and
electronic dissemination of this report .
this should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest .
furthermore , associates of otc live , inc may have stock
positions on profiled companies from time to time . we may
profit in the event the shares of the company profiled by us
increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from
time to time even after we have made positive comments
regarding the company . the receipt of this information
constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions .
safe
harbor
for
forward - looking statements : except for historical
information contained herein , the statements on this website
and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private
securities reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may
cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to
differ materially from forecasted results . these risks and
uncertainties include , among other things , product price
volatility , product demand , market competition and risk
inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these
statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts . they use words such as
` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' ' ` ` project , ' '
` ` intend , ' ' ` ` plan , , anticipate ,
guess , think , hear ,
suggest , ` ` believe , ' ' and other words and terms
of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of
future operating or financial performance .
as
a suggestion , never , ever , make an investment based
solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet
bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a
small , thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known ,
said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s office of investor
education and assistance . assume that the information
about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can
prove otherwise through your own independent research .
internet fraud is available on the sec ' s web
site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
