Subject: business introduction / investment
dr micheal hope
e - mail micheal _ hope @ mail 2 world . com
attn ; president / ceo
re : transfer of us $ 22 , 000 , 000 into your bank account
i am micheal hope , telex / money transfer director
of nigeria apex bank ( central bank of nigeria ) . since
my assumption of office on appointment by
the present democratic government , i have been able to
ream the image of this nation by offsetting most
over duecontract sums owed by the federal government
of nigeria to foreign contractors in the past years .
on the process of these payments , i discovered
through investigation that my predecessor attempted to
move out the above - mentioned sum outside nigeria but
was unable as he was removed out of office unaware ,
now , i have concluded all necessary arrangements for
the smooth transfer of the money to your account on
trust . contacting you on this issue became imperative
owing to recommendations through an acceptance of your
good integrity and trustworthiness as i came across in
your particulars through a foreigner who describe as
an honest man . the fund originated from the balance of
anover - invoiced sum of which the principal sum
hadbeenpaid to foreign company that executed the
contract some years ago . this fund has been floating
in a suspense account with central bank of nigeria
( cbn ) for a long period of time and i as the director
oftelex / money transfer department of cbn in the
courseof my duty discovered this fund and decided to
transfer it outside nigeria through a trustworthy
partner who will share the fund with me on 30 % to 70 %
basis . therefore , what is required from you is to
forward in your confidential bank particulars where
this fundwill be transferred . as you will have 30 % of
the 22 million us dollars after a successful
transfer into your account abroad , part of my 70 % will
be usedon importation of valuable goods and purchasing
ofcars through you in nigeria . note : that
this transaction is risk free and will be concluded
within 14 working days and the money be remitted into
your account . please contact me on this e - mail
address ( micheal _ hope @ mail 2 world . com ] . also send me
your telephone / fax numbers if you have . also
include your street address . please if you are
interested in this proposal , as well as if not , do not
hesitate to let me know in time .
thanks in advance for a mutualand fruitful business
association .
truly yours
dr . micheal hope
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / portal . 404 . gr