Subject: from ben momodu .
from ben momodu . union bank of nigeria plc 36 , marina , lagos - nigeria
dear sir / madam .
request for urgent business relationship
first i must solicit your confidence in thistransaction , this is by vitue of it ' s nature as being very confidential . i am a member of board of directors with union bank of nigeria plc , lagos ( ubn ) . i came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign bank account requiring maximum confidence .
the preposition
the late engineer mark johnson a foreigner and an oil merchant / contractor with the federal government of nigeria until his death three years ago in a plane crash , banked with us here at the union bank of nigeria plc , lagos and had a closing balance of usd 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million dollars ) the bank now unquestionably expect it to be claimed by mark johnson ? s next of kin . priceless efforts have been made by the union bank plc to get in touch with any of the johnson ? s family but to no avail . it is becaue of the perceived possibility of not being unable to locate engr . mark johnson ? s next of kin that the management under the influence ofour chairman board of directors major general kalu ike kalu who has agreed that since the incident occured in 1997 and has left the fund dormant and devalued , we should transfer the fund overseas and ultilize it either on stock exchange or personal business interest .
your role is very important as the fund when concluded on tranfer would be justifiably presented as having been remited into the next of kin ? s bank account . your interest will be protected as unecessary documentationwill be avoided and adequate percentage ( % ) sheduled for mutual benefit .
1 . account holder - 30 % ( foreign partner )
2 . nigeria partner - 60 % ( nigeria partner )
3 . 10 % incidental expenses that might be incurred in the course of this transaction .
you are required to contact me on my e - mail address to indicate your interest .
all parties interest should be protected in terms of confidentiality . note that all modalities necessary for this transfer of this fund have been perfected andthe transaction is 100 % risk free .
awaiting your prompt response .
regardsben momodu .