Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portfoiio
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 1 o 5
watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
reaily moving lately .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the global marketpiace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , call waiting , voice mai | , and a global virtua | number .
aiso included in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any cell phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( cellular bridging capability ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residential or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewa | | , enhanced call forwarding , cail block and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wi | | be added to the product line . each voip enabied handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most compiete and technologica | | y advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the world .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap international inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line ca | | ed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sateliite and wireiess capabiiities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com