Subject: i need your assistanceship
from dr . matthew olas
private email : ddrmtthwolas @ yahoo . com
i am an accountant in bank of africa benin ( boa ) . i was
also the personal account manager to mr sami abdurbu , a
west los angeles , california , who used to work in an oil company
here . on the 31 th of octomber 1999 my client , his
wife & their three children were involved in a an plan
crash , all occupants of the flight unfortunately
lost their lives .
since then i have made several enquiries to many
us embassy offices to locate any of my client ' s
extended relatives , this has also proved
unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful
attempts , i decided to trace his last name over the
internet , to locate any member of his family but all
in vain . i am now contacting you to assist in
repatriating the money and property left - behind by
my client before they get confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits
were lodged , particularly the bank of africa benin .
the deceased had an account valued at about
( $ 8 , 250 , 000 usd only ) eight million two hundred and
fifty thousand usdollars ) has issued me a notice to
provide the next of kin to the deceased or his
account will be confiscated or decleared
unserviceable .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the
relatives for over 5 years now , i am now seeking
your consent to present you as the next of kin of
the deceased customer . all you should do is to apply
to the bank as the next of kin and i will be
furnishing you with any informations related to the
deceased inorder to make the transaction a succesful
one .
all i require is your honest co - operation to enable
us see this transaction through . i guarantee that
this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement
that will protect you & i from any breach of the law .
please if this proposition is acceptable to you do
not hesitate to contact me fast .
my alternative
thanks
yours faithfully
dr . matthew olas .
private email : drmtthwolas @ yahoo . com
? s? listo ! contrata el antivirus http : / / www . pandasoftware . es / tienda / ? idpers = 109 & track = 13920