Subject: load up early and powerize your portfolio
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ o . 1 o
watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been
realiy moving lately .
and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabiiities , cal | forwarding , call waiting , voice mail , and a global virtual number .
aiso included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any ce | | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ceiluiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sleek voip enabied , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , calier id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced cal | forwarding , cal | biock and remote dial - out ( celluiar bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dial - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordiess phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technologicaily advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite and wireiess capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade wednesday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 001 @ yahoo . com