Subject: a proposition
it is urgent respond please from the desk of : dr . stephan muller citibank privatkunden ag & co . kgaa kasernen str . 10 40213 d?sseldorf germany . email . steffanmuller @ gmx . net respond through my alternative email address : steffanmuller @ gmx . net i am mr stephan muller , credit officer of citibank , d?sseldorf , germany . i have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . in june , 1999 , a german property consultant and exporter of used cars , mr andreas schranner made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at dm 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million deutschmark only ) which is now ? 18 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eighteen million euro ) only in my branch . it was to our utter suprise that we heard of his death , wife and children in an af 4590 plane crash in july 2000 . see website below : on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and hitherto , all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . mr andreas schranner was residing at no 1 rue de avenida , g . r . a . ouagoudougou , burkina faso , west africa . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr andreas schranner did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of ? 21 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to laws of deutschland , at the expiration of 7 ( seven ) years , the money will be declared frozen and forfeited to german government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin or business partner to mr andreas schranner so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not be conficated by the german government . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address , phone and fax numbers so that i can prepare the necessary documents that will put you in place as the next of kin or business partner . your role in this transaction is to send an application for claim of the funds to our bank . then , as top official of the bank , i shall work behind - the - scene to make sure that your application is approved by the management of the bank , and the funds transfered to your nominated bank account . please note that there is no iota of risks at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done legitimately and with my position as top official of the bank i would ensure a successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately to my email box . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you should observe utmost confidentiality and secrecy in this transaction , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i will require your assistance to invest my share in your country . i look forward to your prompt response . thanks and regards . mr stephan muller alternative email address : steffanmuller @ gmx . net