Subject: news alert > > sttc . ob ( 4 / 4 / 05 )
press release
source : softnet technology
sttc subsidiary , wholesalebyus , adds 100 , 000 more products and
three more portalsmonday april 4 , 10 : 04 am et
bernardsville , n . j . - - ( business wire ) - - april 4 , 2005 - - softnet
technology ( otcbb symbol : sttc - news ; german wkn # :
aob 7 rz ) announced today that wholly owned subsidiary , wholesalebyus ( wbu ) ,
expanded product distribution to three more portals - smarter . com , nextag . com
and yahoo marketplace . additionally , wbu added more than 100 , 000 products to the
wbushopping catalog bringing the total number of products for sale to well over
500 , 000 .
smarter . com and nextag . com are completely new portals that have been added to
the wbu system of selling . while yahoo is not new to the wbu system , the yahoo
marketplace is . yahoo marketplace is separate and apart from the yahoo store .
these three new portals being added is just another step in the continued
expansion of wbushopping . com . while certain sites and search engines are
selected to be added at certain times due to the impact on the sales for the
company , the ultimate goal is to expand the wbu system to a point where wbu will
in essence have a presence in every corner of the internet .
in addition to the three portals , wbu has added 100 , 000 more products to the
wbu catalog . this means that the products have been added into the wbu system
but not necessarily turned live to be sold on every portal . however , through the
technology changes that were made , these products will easily be rotated into
circulation throughout the wbu system in a very short period of time . having
created the " wbu catalog " , products can be better managed and circulated based
on inventory levels and availability .
please visit our website at www . softnettechnology . com for more
information or call the company directly at 866 - 898 - 4842 ( local 908 - 204 - 9911 ) .
the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor
for forward - looking statements made on behalf of the company . all such
forward - looking statements are , by necessity , only estimates of future results
and actual results achieved by softnet technology corp ( sttc ) may differ
materially from these statement due to a number of factors . sttc assumes no
obligations to update these forward - looking statements to reflect actual
results , changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting such
statements . you should independently investigate and fully understand all risks
before making investment decisions .
contact : softnet technology
james farinella , 908 - 204 - 9911 ( local )
or 866 - 898 - 4842
www . softnettechnology . com
source : softnet technology
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
