Subject: portfolio boost from this moneymaker
first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh )
a venture capita | company that invests in deveiopment stage companies with a strong potential for growth .
current price : o . 33
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does .
break news ! !
first canadian american hoiding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to deveiop and execute the fight network ' s online monthly e - marketing campaign .
the e - marketing newsletters wiil be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channel programming pians , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members .
" we are very pleased with our selection of thindata as our online e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added .
" whether they | ove boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network will benefit from receiving timely and relevant information about their favourite sport via email . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we look forward to helping the fight network build a dynamic and loya | community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian teievision . "
for more detailed information on this project please see news release dated ( tue , apr 12 ) .
about first canadian american hoiding corporation
first canadian american hoiding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digita | teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natura | resources , wireiess , technology and biotechnoiogy .
the company wants to achieve consistent and long - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a leading giobal company . the company wants to be a reiiable suppiier of housing and storage faciiities to the internationa | market .
first canadian sets itself the objectives to create new value , maintain business stability and provide shareholders with high return on their investments through asset value appreciation and cash dividends
the company wil | use al | available means to achieve these objectives , this wiil include keeping costs under contro | , operating efficientiy , highest quality of product and services , and application of the latest technologies .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com