Subject: vital
hello ,
i am mr . cole smith , an auditor of a reputable bank in johannesburg , gauteng
province in the republic of south africa . i have an urgent and very
confidential business proposition for you .
we had a foreign client named mr . chung timothy , who deposited a huge sum of
money ( 18 . 6 million united states dollars ) , with our bank . eventually , this
client died in a plane crash and since his death we have not had anybody
come up for the claims as the next of kin .
you may want to take a look at other passengers , who were on the same plane ;
here is a site for your
a situation i have monitored closely with my position in the bank . now
having monitored this deposit and managed it over the years before his
death , and hence nobody has showed up as the next of kin for the past years .
i now solicit for your assistance to present you as the next of kin as every
other arrangement / processes will be monitored by me and my partners
involved . however i got your contact from a trade consultant here in south
africa , though i did not disclose the purpose of my seeking for a foreign
business partner to him . although we will still have to sign some agreement
before the final transfer of the fund into any of your designated bank
account .
i have involved a very senior official in the operational department , and we
have agreed that after the transfer of the money into your account , you
shall be entitled to 20 % of the total sum , my colleagues and i will have 75 %
while 5 % will be used to reimburse any expenses incurred . all necessary
precautions have been taken to ensure a risk free situation on the side of
both parties . please note that this deal can only take place on the
following conditions ;
1 . absolute confidentiality and sincerity will be required and guaranteed ,
considering our positions in the bank .
2 . assurance that our own share will be released to us in good faith when
this money finally gets into your account .
please treat with utmost confidentiality . contact me as quickly as possible
through my e - mail .
expecting your urgent response ,
best regards ,
mr . cole smith