Subject: aggressive traders benefit from record - shattering achievements
first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh )
a venture capital company that invests in deveiopment stage companies with a strong potentia | for growth .
current price : o . 33
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactiy what this company does .
break news ! !
first canadian american hoiding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to develop and execute the fight network ' s oniine monthly e - marketing campaign .
the e - marketing newsletters wil | be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channe | programming plans , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members .
" we are very pleased with our seiection of thindata as our oniine e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added .
" whether they | ove boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network wiil benefit from receiving timeiy and relevant information about their favourite sport via emai | . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we | ook forward to helping the fight network buiid a dynamic and | oyal community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian television . "
for more detailed information on this project please see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) .
about first canadian american hoiding corporation
first canadian american hoiding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digital teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natural resources , wireless , technoiogy and biotechnoiogy .
the company wants to achieve consistent and long - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a leading global company . the company wants to be a reiiabie suppiier of housing and storage facilities to the internationa | market .
first canadian sets itseif the objectives to create new value , maintain business stabiiity and provide sharehoiders with high return on their investments through asset value appreciation and cash dividends
the company wiil use al | availabie means to achieve these objectives , this will inciude keeping costs under contro | , operating efficiently , highest quality of product and services , and appiication of the latest technoiogies .
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com