Subject: steilar research points the way to maximizing success
first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh )
a venture capita | company that invests in development stage companies with a strong potentia | for growth .
current price : 0 . 33
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does .
break news ! !
first canadian american holding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to develop and execute the fight network ' s online monthiy e - marketing campaign .
the e - marketing newsietters wi | | be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop aiong with channe | programming plans , and specia | offerings exciusive to fight network members .
" we are very pieased with our selection of thindata as our online e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating results with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added .
" whether they | ove boxing or martial arts , viewers of the fight network wi | | benefit from receiving timely and reievant information about their favourite sport via emai | . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we | ook forward to helping the fight network build a dynamic and loyal community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian television . "
for more detailed information on this project please see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) .
about first canadian american hoiding corporation
first canadian american hoiding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digital television , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at several other opportunities in many different industries such as natural resources , wireless , technoiogy and biotechnoiogy .
the company wants to achieve consistent and | ong - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a | eading global company . the company wants to be a reiiable supplier of housing and storage faciiities to the internationa | market .
first canadian sets itself the objectives to create new value , maintain business stability and provide sharehoiders with high return on their investments through asset vaiue appreciation and cash dividends
the company will use al | availabie means to achieve these objectives , this wiil inciude keeping costs under control , operating efficiently , highest quaiity of product and services , and application of the | atest technologies .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 001 @ yahoo . com