Subject: watch list and update for thursday 4 - 07 - 2005
watch list and update for thursday
4 - 07 - 2005 xnom is one of the new ideas recently introduced . i realize this is a
completely undiscovered stock with a very limited trading history , so it will
take some time to develop the story . as time goes by , the audience for this
stock will grow .
the company owns the rights to develop
applications for the use of transrenal dna . to me , the is absolutely fascinating
technology , and it will be very interesting to see this company develop
commercial applications for this discovery .
fri , apr 1 , 2005
•
xenomics
files italian national patent on testing technology to detect hiv and
tuberculosis using transrenal dnabusiness wire ( fri , apr 1 )
sttc
has developed a few pieces of software that has put it in the spotlight .
sttc ' s software cuts out the middleman and connects them directly to the
manufacturing companies allowing them to quickly and efficiently sell
products . sttc sells on ebay and with the roll out of their software has
been able to obtain power seller status and increase sales more than 300 % .
sttc is expected to regenerate approximately $ 200 , 000 in sales for the month of
march , the best month in the history of sttc . full profile www . otclive . com / sttcl . htm
tue , apr 5 , 2005
•
softnet
subsidiary , indigo , upgrades internet access for two more hotels and
expands wire ( tue 4 : 09 pm )
mon , apr 4 , 2005
•
sttc
subsidiary , wholesalebyus , adds 100 , 000 more products and three more
portalsbusiness wire ( mon , apr 4 )
sprl should move higher this week as the company announced
another strategic acquisition last week and an oil drilling joint venture .
sprl . pk in line with our strategy of building shareholder value by
acquiring assets or seeking out opportunities with significant potential and
probability of success . full profile www . otclive . com / sprl . htm
tue , mar 29 , 2005
•
strat
petroleum announces development of ementajevskoje oil sitebusiness wire ( tue , mar 29 )
tue , mar 22 , 2005
•
strat petroleum
announces asset base for oil drilling joint venturebusiness wire ( tue , mar 22 )
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
gdvi
is poised to move higher this week as the company announced a major contract
win , that would put the company into a lead success for more potential deals in
the southern california region .
thu , mar 31 , 2005
•
global
diversified industries , inc . hiring 75 additional skilled factory laborers
to meet current and future production demandspr newswire ( thu , mar 31 )
wed , mar 23 , 2005
•
global
diversified industries , inc . forecasting significant increases in market
share ; sales projections for next 12 months now surpasses $ 20
millionpr newswire ( wed , mar 23 )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
disclaimer :
never invest in any stock featured on our site or emails unless you can
afford to lose your entire
disclaimer is to be read and fully understood before using our site , or joining
our email list . please note well : the otc live employees are not
registered as an investment advisor in any jurisdiction whatsoever .
release of liability : through use of this website viewing or using
you agree to hold otc live , its operators owners and employees harmless and to
completely release them from any and all liability due to any and all loss
( monetary or otherwise ) , damage ( monetary or otherwise ) , or injury ( monetary or
otherwise ) that you may incur . otc live has been compensated $ 5000 from a
third party for advertisement services for xnom . otc live has been
compensated $ 8000 from a third party for advertisement services for sttc . otc
live has been compensated $ 9000 from a third party for advertising services for
sprl . otc live has been compensated $ 9000 from a third party for
advertising services for gdvi . otclive . com is written and published by otc live
employees . readers are advised that this analysis report is issued solely for
informational purposes . neither the information presented nor any statement or
expression of opinion , or any other matter herein , directly or indirectly
constitutes a representation by the publisher nor a solicitation of the purchase
or sale of any securities . the information contained herein is based on sources
which we believe to be reliable but is not guaranteed by us as being accurate
and does not purport to be a complete statement or summary of the available
data . the owner , publisher , editor and their associates are not responsible for
errors and omissions . they may from time to time have a position in the
securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without
notice . any opinions expressed are subject to change without notice . otc live
encourages readers and investors to supplement the information in these reports
with independent research and other professional advice . all information on
featured companies is provided by the companies profiled , or is available from
public sources and otc live makes no representations , warranties or guarantees
as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies .
otc live , nor any of its affiliates are not registered investment advisors or a
broker dealers . otc live has been advised that the investments in companies
profiled are considered to be high risk and use of the information provided is
at the investor ’ s sole risk . otc live has also been advised that the purchase of
such high risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the
investment . investors should not rely solely on the information presented .
rather , investors should use the information provided by the profiled companies
as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiled
companies in order to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion
regarding investing in the profiled companies . factual statements made by the
profiled companies are made as of the date stated and are subject to change
without notice . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and
carries an extremely high degree of risk . it is possible that an investor ’ s
entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the
companies profiled . otc live makes no recommendation that the securities of the
companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities
that learn of the profiled companies through otc live . otc live owners may or
may not hold positions in the companies that are profiled . investing in
securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk .
it is possible that an investor ’ s investment may be lost or impaired due to the
speculative nature of the companies profiled . the information
contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities
exchange act of 1934 including statements regarding expected continual growth of
the company and the value of its securities . in accordance with the safe harbor
provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 it is hereby
noted that statements contained herein that look forward in time which include
everything other than historical information , involve risk and uncertainties
that may affect the company ' s actual results of operation . factors that could
cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for the
company ' s products , the company ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in
the near term and in the long term , pricing pressures , unforeseen and / or
unexpected circumstances in happenings , pricing pressures , etc . investing in
securities is speculative and carries risk . past performance does not guarantee
future results . third party web sites and informationotc live
and newsletter may provide hyperlinks to third party websites or access to third
party content . otc live does not control , endorse , or guarantee content found in
such sites . you agree that otc live is not responsible for any content ,
associated links , resources , or services associated with a third party site . you
further agree that otc live , inc . shall not be liable for any loss or damage of
any sort associated with your use of third party content . links and access to
these sites are provided for your convenience
only .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
