Subject: very urgent please .
from : dr . dan nkanga
zenith international bank ltd .
cowrie house ,
adeola - hopewell str .
victoria - island , lagos
dear sir ,
first , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction ; this is by virtue of
its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a
transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried , but i
am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to
contact you by e - mail due to the urgency of this transaction . let me start by
first introducing myself properly to you . i am dr . dan nkanga , a manager in
advances department of the zenith international bank ltd , lagos . i came to know
of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a
very confidential transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of
money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . i am not too really
sure if you are my long lost contact whom i am trying to reach , but in anyway ,
please do take this message with a good heart and report back to me if you are
not the person i think you are . i would explain more latter .
the proposition :
a foreigner , late engineer sann clarke , an oil merchant / contractor with the
federal government of nigeria , until his death three years ago in a ghastly air
crash , banked with us here at zenith bank lagos , and had a closing balance of
usd $ 27 . 5 m ( twenty seven million and five hundred thousand , united states
dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by any of his
available foreign next of kin or alternatively be donated to a discredited
trust fund for the purchase of arms and ammunition at a military war college
here in nigeria . a fervent valuable effort has been made by our bank ( zenith
international bank ) to get in touch with any of the clarke family or relatives
but all have proved to no avail . it is because of the perceived possibility of
not going to be able to locate any of late engr . sann clarke ’ s next of kin ,
wife or children that our chairman and board of directors have decided to
declare the funds ( unclaimed ) and then be subsequently donated to the
discredited trust fund for the purchase of arms and ammunitions for war in
africa against other continent in the world . in order to avert this negative
development , myself and some of my trusted collaborating colleagues here at the
bank now seek for your permission to have you stand as late engr . sann clarke ’ s
next of kin so that the funds could be subsequently transferred into your bank
account as the beneficiary ’ s next of kin . all documents and proves to
authenticate you as the rightful next of kin to the beneficiary will be
carefully arranged such that the deal will be a 100 % risk free involvement . for
your assistance and collaboration , your commission will be 20 % , 75 % shall be
for myself and my collaborating colleagues for investment purposes in your
country while 5 % will be set aside for any expenses that would be incurred in
the process of the transfer .
if this proposal is ok , and you do not wish to take advantage of the trust we
hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately via
my most exclusive e - mail : nkanga 2 @ portugalmail . com furnishing me with your
most confidential telephone , fax number and exclusive e - mail so that i can
forward to you the relevant details of this transaction .
thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation
best regards and god blessings ,
dr dan nkanga ( zenith intl bank ltd ) .
lagos - nigeria .
v