Subject: good day to you
my name is mike muba a citizen of sierra leone i am writing to solicit your
noble assistance for the transfer and investment of u . s . d $ 15 million dollars
( fifteen million u . s dollars ) in your country . i am the son of late army
general joseph muba of the sierra leone . a national army who died in detention
early last year 2003 as a result of coups and counter coups in sierra leone .
my father before his death was director in charge of military arms and armory
procurement .
before his death early last year , he called me confidentially and informed
me in confidence of this sum of usd $ 15 million dollars he deposited in a
security company in accra - ghana west african for security reasons and it
was marked as valuable items belonging to the family . he told me that he
deposited this usd $ 15 million in ending of the year 2003 and that he used
my name as his first child as the next of kin . and he directed me where he
kept the deposit certificate , he further advised me to search for a reliable
partner overseas who will assist me retrieve and invest the money overseas
in case he did not come out alive , unfortunately he died early last year .
now , i am soliciting your kind assist once to help me receive this money
and to assist me invest the money wisely as it is the only money left for
the entire family now , pending guarantee of your faithfulness and co - operation .
right now , i have all the documents with me here in ghana where we are now .
so , i look forward to be hearing from you so that we will proceed and as
soon as we receive the money , i will come down to your country to meet with
you , witness the investing of the money and for you to secure a residential
house for us . finally i will go back to sierra leone to bring my mother down
to your country , so as to begin a new life with my mother . meanwhile , you
will be compensating with 20 % of the total sum for your noble assistance .
and i have also mapped out 5 % for any incur expanses made during the transaction .
expecting to hear from you soonest .
thanks and god bless you .
best regards ,
mike muba .
for the family .
.
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /