Subject: att ;
24 river lane
gra
abuja
attention please ! strictly confidential !
greetings ,
with all due respect , i guess my letter will not embarrass you , since i
have no previous correspondence with you . i strongly believed , i would
not regret approaching you in this matter . i am mr . charles brown , a
solicitor at law and the personal attorney to late mr . francis
fichelle , a french national . late mr . francis fichelle is a private oil
consultant / contractor with the shell petroleum development in saudi
arabia , herein after shall be referred to as my client .
i have avery urgent and mutual business relationship to propose to you .
on sunday 26 december 2004 , at about 0100 gmt , an 8 . 9 magnitude
earthquake occurs on the seafloor near ache in northern indonesia . this
earthquake generated a huge tsunami wave , hitting the coasts of
indonesia , malaysia , thailand , myanmar , india , sri lanker , maldives and
even somalia .
unfortunately , my client and his wife with their three children lost
their lives in the devastation caused by the earthquake and tsunami
that hit many part of asia and east africa .
since then , i have made several enquiries with his country ? embassies
to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved
unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to
personally contact you with this business partnership proposal . i have
contacted you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left
behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the finance and security company where this huge
deposit was lodged .
the deceased had a deposit valued presently at $ 12 , 000 , 000 . 00 million
us dollars ( twelve million united state dollars ) and company has issued
me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will otherwise
have the account confiscated within the next ninety working days .
having been unsuccessful in locating any of my late client relatives
for one ( 1 ) month now . i am now seeking your consent to present you as
the next of kin / beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of
this account valued at $ 12 million united states dollars can be paid
to you . it is not necessary to be a blood relation to late mr . francis
fichelle , neither is it necessary to bear the same surname with him . it
is even not important for the stand - in next of kin to be a french
national .
already , i have worked out modalities for achieving my aim of
appointing a next of kin as well as transfer the money abroad for us to
share in the ratio of 60 % for me and 40 % to you . it is my intention to
achieve this transfer in a legitimate way , all i required is your
honest , co - operation , confidentiality and trust to enable us see this
transaction through .
the money transfer paper work itself will include a certificate of
origin so that the receiving bank does not ask question . also the paper
work will include proper certificate that the fund being transferred is
from non - criminal sources .
in short this will be a proper and legal money transfer with apparently
no risk involved . the transaction is guaranteed to succeed without any
problem . as soon as i hear from you , i shall provide you with further
clarification that you may need . your urgent response will be highly
anticipated and appreciated .
best wishes ,
charles brown .
note : in the event you are not willing to assist , kindly notify me to
prevent me from making further contact