Subject: partnership
from : taiwo & partners chamber
solicitors and senior advocate
of nigeria ( san )
hello ,
i know you might be surprised to get this mail , i am barr . taiwo
martins , the personal attorney to late engr . dahlig mitchell
( director / ceo of messr ketsonwats coporation ofjapan , located in
abuja , the capital city of the federal republic of nigeria ) .
a couple of days ago , the manager of united bank for africa plc nigeria
discovered a credit balance of us $ 7 . 5 m belonging to late engr . dahlig
and in his research , he also discovered that i was the personal
attorney to the deceased . he contacted me to present the next of kin to
my late client so that his fund valued at us $ 7 . 5 m which late
engr . dahlig deposited with the bank will be transfered to him as the
legal next of kin . the bank manager went on to say that if i fail to
present the next of kin within a time limit , the bank will convert this
fund to bank treasury .
meanwhile , this foreign company has long been liquidated due to the
death of the director / ceo ( engr . dahlig ) of the company on the 6 th of
august 1997 in a plane crash ( korea flight 801 ) it is on this note that
i decided to look for a reliable over sea partner whom i can present as
the next of kin and transfer this money to his personel or company
account . since i was the personal attorney to late engr . dahlig and the
request made by the bank for me to present the next of kin to them , i
feel this is my own golden opporturnity to attain greater heights .
please inform me immediately if you can handle this transaction bearing
in mind that you will provide a safe bank account where the funds will
be transfered .
i will come over to meet you as soon as the fund is transfered to your
account for sharing which will be 50 / 50 . indicate your interest by
replying this mail . note that this transaction is completely risk free
and highly confidential . it is also legally backed up .
best regards ,
barr . taiwo martins .