Subject: profitable company with increased interest from analysts
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 1 o
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortly and will report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategicaliy purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobile , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has bi | | ions of doliars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coliectiveiy over 26 , 000 weils produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . neariy 10 o wells are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 5 o , 0 oo to loo , 00 o producing wells before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossil fue | sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , oo 0 welis produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 015 @ yahoo . com