Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 1 o
apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortly and will report on developments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biilions of do | | ars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 million barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . nearly 10 o weils are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin couid have 5 o , 0 oo to loo , 000 producing weils before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossi | fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com