Subject: our returns on profiied companies are unmatched
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 10
apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diligence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wil | report on developments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategica | | y purchase leases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobiie , williams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has billions of do | | ars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . collectively over 26 , 0 oo wells produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 miliion barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . nearly loo wells are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 5 o , 000 to loo , 0 oo producing weils before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditional fossi | fuel sites , as well as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 000 wells produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 016 @ yahoo . com