Subject: the right investment becomes clear
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 1 o
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and will report on developments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategica | | y purchase leases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , wi | | iams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biliions of doilars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . coliectiveiy over 26 , 0 oo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 million barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy 100 wells are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin could have 50 , 0 oo to loo , 000 producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo welis produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 016 @ yahoo . com