Subject: owning these shares fast - tracks performance
rochester , ny , apr 11 , 2005 ( m 2 presswire via comtex ) - - otcstockexchange . coms
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 24
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fuil - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
mi | | ion in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will suppiy
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of eiectricity annually for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
eiectricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 000 wells produced
54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 62 @ yahoo . com