Subject: trading alert for significant shareholder vaiue
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 10
apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortiy and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has bi | | ions of do | | ars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miilion barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin couid have 50 , ooo to 10 o , 00 o producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas play in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as weil as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , 00 o weils produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 016 @ yahoo . com