Subject: featured profile running at the right time
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 10
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortiy and wi | | report on developments as they occur .
targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategicaily purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobile , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . coliectiveiy over 26 , 000 weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 mi | | ion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . neariy loo weils are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin could have 5 o , ooo to loo , 0 oo producing weils before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as well as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , 000 welis produced
54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 013 @ yahoo . com