Subject: stocks discovered for quick profit
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : . 225
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
full - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | supply
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of eiectricity annua | | y for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as we | | as clean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , 000 welis produced
54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 71 @ yahoo . com