Subject: a new major market score each week
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : . 225
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fu | | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wil | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park will supply
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annually for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and plans . to fulfill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as weil as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , 000 we | | s produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 67 @ yahoo . com