Subject: hidden gems help get a leg up on the market
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development
& commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the worid market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and little competition .
symbo | : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 75
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structura | technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may 10 th , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company foliowing extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into
a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire al | of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 500 , oo 0 common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
beneficially owns 56 % of all the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
immediately and to hoid a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this letter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profiie :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies .
the company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are also open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais .
the company has great short term speculative potentia | as
well as the potentia | for | ong term growth .
we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
piease foilow this one trade tuesday !
nothing in this e - mail should be considered personaiized investment
advice . although our empioyees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not | icensed under securities laws to
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
any security recommended to our readers . a | | of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after
the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to fo | | owing an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter should be
made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and oniy after
reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
to cance | by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy piease to : no _ morenewsletters 2 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsletter al | rights reserved