Subject: expecting your reply
from the desk of mr . naeem cheema
manager national bank of abu dhabi
dubai united arab emirate ( u . a . e . )
email : naeem _ cheemal 999 @ yahoo . co . in
i am mr . naeem cheema branch manger of national bank of abu dhabi i am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of us . in my department i discovered an abandoned sum of $ 12 , million ( $ 12 , 000 , 000 , 00 ) united state dollars ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers ,
late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost his life
in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on
january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read
more about the crash on visiting this site .
http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list / and
since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his
next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because we
cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or
relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .
unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only
daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with
the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim , and the banking law and guidelines here united arab emirate that such money remained after six years the money will be transferred into banking treasury as unclaimed funds ,
note : i want you to stand as the business patina of late morris thompson so that my bank can transfer the money to your account with out any problem , so now i will like you to provide me your full name and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavit that will put you in place as the next of kin of late morris thompson ,
we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate administration in your favor for the transfer a bank account in any part of the world , then i will facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary next of kin ,
the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % form and 40 % for you , there is no risk at all as the paperwork
for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction if you are interested , please reply immediately via the private email address above ,
upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your
confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . please observe
utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most
profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest
my share in your country . please reply me through my private email address :
naeem _ cheemal 999 @ yahoo . co . in
waiting to hear from you
best regards ,
mr . naeem cheema