Subject: start your trading day with a bang
" stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : . 23
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
ful | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | supply
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossil fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , 000 welis produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 65 @ yahoo . com