Subject: this company is cranking up the pr in high gear
the oil and gas advisory
now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term bul | market ,
our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oi | belt "
and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating
potential of miliions per week .
breaking news ! ! !
emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas
providing opportunity
for 22 - well re - entry in fieid with strong producing history and large
recoverable reserves
south texas in a | arge existing field that was discovered and dri | | ed
by major oi | companies
in the 1970 s . the fieid is estabiished with substantial recoverable
reserves , estimated at over
3 . 9 million barreis of oil and about 2 billion cubic ft . of gas in the
two pay zones .
symbol - eogi
price - . 075
the vaiue of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - miilions , eogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and
even quadruple returns .
our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervaiued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this smail company
with a comparabiy smail market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oi |
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with
the daily jump in energy prices .
but all that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive
effect on the share price .
what wi | | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oil and gas ' shares ? well we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or
decline
siightiy , you wi | | sti | | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings
will
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be
staggering .
overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy
plays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized ,
eogi shares will surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oil and
gas reserves are wel | established and are going into massive
production .
early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in
this
area will reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s bulletin .
oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsletter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , believe , may , wi | | , and intend or simiiar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities .
oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand
doliars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financia | expert . investors shouid use the information provided
in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the profiled company to ailow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 64 @ yahoo . com