Subject: urgent proposal .
from : mr . williams kanga .
tel : + 27 - 83 - 477 - 3694 .
email : willkanga @ webmail . co . za
email : willkanga @ yahoo . co . uk
dear sir / madam ,
you may be surprised to receive this message from me since you don ? t know me in person . first and foremost i wish to introduce my self to you ; i am mr . williams kanga , the son of late mr . prince kanga , who was murdered as a result of the land dispute in zimbabwe .
my mother and i got your contact through the south african international exchange network on - line here in johannesburg , south africa and then decided to write you for your kind assistance . my late father was among the few zimbabwean farmers that were secretly murdered in cold blood by the agent of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party and the white farmers , who ? s farm are been taken over by the president and his supporters .
before the death of my father , he deposited the sum of twelve million , two hundred thousand us dollars ( $ 12 . 2 m ) with a security and finance company johannesburg , south africa , as if he knew the looming danger in zimbabwe . the money was deposited as a gem and precious stone to avoid much demurrage and confiscation of the consignment by the security firm .
this money was originally earmarked for the purchase of new machinery and chemicals for his farms and for the establishment of new farms in the neighboring countries ( lesotho and swaziland ) . after the death of my father , we decided to move out from zimbabwe through the help of the leader of the opposition party ( mdc ) to south africa were he deposited this fund .
my mother , my younger brother and i are currently residing in south africa as refugees . but we have decided to transfer this money to a foreign country where we can invest it because we are exercising fears in investing this money in south africa to avoid us encountering the same experience in future since both counties have the same political history . moreover , the south african monetary policy / law does not allow such investment since we are asylum seekers .
my mother and i have agreed to give 30 % of the total money if you can assist us to transfer the money to your account in your country , the remaining 70 % will be for us which we shall also invest in your country under your assistance .
therefore , if you are willing and interested to render the needed assistance , endeavor to reply to the email address or call me with the above telephone number . i also need your private phone and fax number for easy communication .
remember that this is highly confidential .
we trust that you will be able to help us without reservation .
looking forward to receiving your reply .
best regard .
williams kanga ( for the family ) .