Subject: sterling balance sheet strengthens underpriced stock
get canm . ob first thing today , this is going to expiode !
check out for hot news ! ! !
otcbb : canm - caneum inc .
current _ price : $ 1 . 60 get it now !
before we start with the profiie of canm we wouid | ike
to mention something very important : there is a big pr
campaign starting on thursday . and it wiil go al | week
so it wouid be best to get in now
company profile
otcbb : canm - caneum inc .
symbo | : canm . ob
current price : $ 1 . 6 o
how many times have you seen good stocks but you couidn ' t
get your hands on them in the right moment ? we are aierting
you to a special company with a unique product that is set
to be profiied by many newsietters in the next 5 - 1 o days
- - this is your chance to get in !
about the company
headquartered in newport beach , caiifornia , caneum is a provider of business process and information technoiogy outsourcing products and services across vertical industries including technoiogy , energy , government , transportation , financial services , education and heaithcare . it provides a suite of business planning and strategy capabilities to assist companies with their “ make versus b u y ? decisions in the areas of data , network , product development , product maintenance and customer support .
in paralie | , caneum is opportunistica | | y pursuing an accretive outsourcing consoiidation strategy to compiement its core business and acceierate its organic growth by identifying and acquiring mature , quality outsourcing companies with sound financiais , intriguing products and services , a | oyal customer base and taiented management teams that have a passion for what they are doing and want to continue running and growing their organizations .
huge news
caneum inc . it services group announces another new customer win , signing a one - year renewabie infrastructure support agreement with idea heaith & fitness association
read this legal info below
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of 60 ooo canm shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 214 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " , " specuiative target price " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
stock 67 @ yahoo . com