Subject: aggressive investors and traders shouid be watching
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 24
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wiil suppiy
upwards of 17 o , 000 mw of electricity annualiy for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o million for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo weils produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 61 @ yahoo . com