Subject: news you can use
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment
& commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the worid market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 60
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structural technology
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may 10 th , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into
a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacie wil | acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the sharehoiders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition wil | be 3 , 5 oo , 00 o common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
beneficialiy owns 56 % of ail the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
immediately and to hold a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this letter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profile :
pinnacle group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies .
the company works closeiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais .
the company has great short term speculative potential as
well as the potentia | for | ong term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please foilow this one trade thursday !
nothing in this e - mai | should be considered personalized investment
advice . although our employees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to
address your particuiar investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice .
we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
any security recommended to our readers . all of our employees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine publication or 72 hours after
the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to fo | | owing an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be
made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewsletters 5 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter all rights reserved