Subject: ( otcbb : nwwv ) > > posts record annual revenue . . .
tsc introduced last month sprl - - up over
145 %
few weeks ago we have also introduced gdvi - - up 53 %
we believe nwwv is also poised for a strong move as the company
announced record revenues for the year , and anticipates higher revenues
going forward .
' reported over $ 4 . 7 million in
revenue for the nine month period ended september 30 , 2004 during first
calendar year of operations . '
overview
newave is a direct marketing company that utilizes the
internet to maximize the income potential of its customers by offering a
fully integrated turnkey ecommerce solution . newave subsidiary
onlinesupplier . com , offers a comprehensive line of products and services
at wholesale prices through its online club membership . auction
liquidator , a newave subsidiary is an online portal which provides
customers with a quick and efficient method for selling unwanted items
on ebay and other online auction sites .
investment highlights
reported record revenue of $ 2 , 105 , 183 for the
quarter ended september 30 , 2004 .
provided service to over 125 , 000 paid members .
reported over $ 4 . 7 million in revenue for the nine
month period ended september 30 , 2004 during first calendar year of
operations .
in just three months , a test launch of auction
liquidator has already produced over 800 successful auctions .
recently completed a 3 - 1 forward stock split .
developed new subsidiaries , auction liquidator , an
ebay and online auction drop off provider and discount online
warehouse , a provider of heavily discounted products with bulk
purchases .
engaged tv game show host and radio personality bob
eubanks to represent the company as its national spokesman .
announced a new partnership with andale , the
leading provider of ebay market intelligence and auction management
services to more than 1 . 5 million online sellers worldwide .
announced a marketing partnership with the regent
group , llc , an affiliate of encore marketing international , inc .
subsidiaries
nwwv has now experienced three consecutive quarters of
record sales . in order to continue with the next phase of their business
plan , nwwv will concentrate its efforts on the full scale launch of
their ebay drop off store unit , auction liquidator . the fulfillment
center in long beach , california is now operational and the company is
working to finalize its national distribution channels . nwwv plans to
leverage the current membership base of online supplier to drive sales
to auction liquidator .
growth strategy
newave ' s wholly - owned subsidiary , auction liquidator ,
has been formed to pursue opportunities within the ebay drop - off arena ,
and will be utilizing the services of andale among others to manage ,
create , and develop the ebay auctions used to sell their customers
unwanted merchandise . through andale and with their patent pending ebay
auction research market intelligence tm , auction liquidator will be able
to provide its customers with auctions that are thoroughly researched
and designed using technology required to compete in today ' s online
auction marketplace .
in a recent press release auction liquidator ' s vp of
business development luke padgett stated , " this partnership provides
auction liquidator with an extensive suite of auction management and
research services that have proven to be complete and comprehensive . in
today ' s drop off market , there are a number of start up companies
operating without the technology , graphical interface , and reporting
necessary to compete on a national scale . " he added , " our ability to
integrate andale into our present operations , in addition to our
extensive available customer base and the unrivaled popularity of ebay ,
we believe provides us with a significant advantage towards becoming a
leading player in this new and exciting industry . "
contacts
newave inc .
404 east lst street
long beach california 90802
562 . 983 . 5331
symbol
otc . bb nwwv
recent price $ 1 . 50 shares outstanding : 33 . 9
million
onlinesupplier . com , a wholly owned subsidiary of
newave , inc . , provides its customers with complete control over their
own web - hosted , internet based storefront , in addition to an extensive
inventory of products . this storefront , combined with industry - leading
expertise and support , empowers our clients to develop and promote their
business interests both on the internet and in their own community .
onlinesupplier . com ' s ingenuity and innovation enable large complex
organizations , small stand - alone businesses , and consumers to create ,
manage , and maintain effective web store development ,
hosting , and ecommerce solutions .
auctionliquidator . com , another wholly - owned subsidiary
of newave , inc . , specializes in the re - selling of unwanted or excess
items , from both businesses and consumers , through online auction
consignment . by combining the traditional roles of home garage sales and
local auction houses with the indisputable power of auction sites such
as ebay , auction liquidator establishes itself as a invaluable
resource , connecting supply with demand .
customers who wish to utilize auction liquidator ' s
services simply drop off their item at one of thousands of authorized
drop off locations nationwide . all items are subjected to a rigorous
process of testing and preparation at our warehouse before they are put
up for auction . upon completion of the auction , payment is collected and
their item is shipped to the highest bidder , while a check is sent to
another satisfied customer . with auction liquidator , its as simple as
stop , drop , and cash .
recent news and press releases
sat , apr 16 , 2005
•
newave posts record annual revenue for 12 months ended december 31 ,
2004
pr newswire ( sat , apr 16 )
thu , apr 7 , 2005
•
newave announces 1000 th successful online auction for
auctionliquidator . com
pr newswire ( thu , apr 7 )
fri , apr 1 , 2005
•
newave
unveils auctionliquidator . com at afp international conference
pr newswire ( fri , apr 1 )
wed , mar 30 , 2005
•
former
ceo of igt font - size : 81 % ; line - height : 1 . 25 em " >
pr newswire ( wed , mar 30 )
thu , mar 24 , 2005
•
newave
surpasses 150 , 000 members serviced ; over 2 million inquiries
pr newswire ( thu , mar 24 )
wed , mar 9 , 2005
•
newave
retains ' dave petitto direct ' to produce infomercial featuring bob
eubanks
pr newswire ( wed , mar 9 )
fri , mar 4 , 2005
•
newave
partners with payment data systems in attempt to recover over
$ 375 , 000 in unrealized revenue
pr newswire ( fri , mar 4 )
thu , feb 24 , 2005
•
newave
announces new agreement with 2020 advisors ; projects boost to
revenue growth
pr newswire ( thu , feb 24 )
tue , feb 22 , 2005
•
smallcapreview . com introduces newave
primezone media network ( tue , feb 22 )
•
newave
outlines strategic initiatives for 2005
pr newswire ( tue , feb 22 )
fri , feb 18 , 2005
•
newave
announces new ticker symbol ; stock split effective on february 18 ,
2005
pr newswire ( fri , feb 18 )
disclaimer
tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas ,
not recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is
crucial that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest
press releases . information contained in this report was extracted from
current documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other
publicly available sources deemed reliable . for more information see our
disclaimer section , a link of which can be found on our web site . this
document contains statements that are forward - looking , particularly as
related to the business plans of the company , within the meaning of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and sections 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor
created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the
company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for newave .
the purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide
coverage and awareness for the company . the information provided in this
advertisement is not intended for distribution to , or use by , any person
or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use
would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any
registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country .
© 1998 - 2004 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state capital is
not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we hold
ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and
individual reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or
any other means of transmission are not to be regarded as investment
advice and are only for informative purposes . before making a purchase or
sale of any securities featured on our web site or mentioned in our
reports , we strongly encourage and recommend consultation with a
registered securities representative . this is not to be construed as a
solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities . as with any
stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment risk
and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors
are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if
they decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past
performance of our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results .
the accuracy or completeness of the information on our web site or within
our reports is only as reliable as the sources they were obtained from .
the profile and opinions expressed herein are expressed as of the date the
profile is posted on site and are subject to change without notice . no
investor should assume that reliance on the views , opinions or
recommendations contained herein will produce profitable results .
tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned herein , and
may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web site or
within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the securities
act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in it ' s
disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in
researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our
subscriber database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web
site . tri - state capital has been compensated five thousand dollars by a
third party for its efforts in presenting the nwwv profile and
distributing it to its database of subscribers as well as other services .
tri - state capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary
basis in the open market before , during or after the profiling period of
this report . as of the profile date , no shares have been sold . information
presented on our web site and within our reports contain " forward looking
statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be " statements that are forward looking . " forward
looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at
the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in
this action may be identified through the use of words such as “ expects ’ ” ,
“ will , ” “ anticipates , ” “ estimates , “ believes , ” or that by statements
indicating certain actions “ may , ” “ could , ” or “ might ” occur .
the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before
investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities
is speculative and carries a high degree of risk .
we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor
information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange
commission ( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national
association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com .
readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar
page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its
web site .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
