Subject: otc review anaiysts pick
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 21
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fu | | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wi | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will suppiy
upwards of 17 o , 0 oo mw of electricity annually for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
electric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and plans . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossi | fuel sites , as we | | as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo we | | s produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com