Subject: watch this hot pick fiy
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 21
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
miilion in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | suppiy
upwards of 170 , 0 oo mw of eiectricity annualiy for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 00 o homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
eiectric sales over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o we | | s produced
54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 008 @ yahoo . com