Subject: beat the market
rocket stocks newsletter
first we would like to say thank you to ail of our avid readers ! we
have
had huge success over the | ast few months and have become one of the
most
wideiy read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished
this
by providing timely , accurate information on s - tocks with the potentia |
for
great returns .
rocket s - tocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on
s - tocks with the potentia | to go up in value by wel | over 5 oo % . that ' s
what
it takes to make it on to our list . these are s - tocks for the risk
tolerant
investor ! the beauty of this is that it only takes one smart
investment to
make serious profits !
new developments expected for inteliigent sports , inc . s - tock
from $ 0 . ol to over $ 0 . 08
symbol : igts . pk
current price : $ 0 . 01
short term target price : $ o . 08
12 month target price : $ o . 17
intelligentsports . net
we | ove these sma | | companies . a company like this is like a sligshot ,
pulled back and ready to go . one fortunate turn of events , one big
contract , and the s - tock of a small company such as this can expiode !
read on to find out why igts . pk is our top pick this week .
* * * top reasons to consider igts * * *
* unique business mode | reminisant of gold ' s gym before it expioded
onto the
fitness scene .
* the numbers are staggering and continue to rise daiiy . 15 % of
chiidren / adoiescents are " overweight " nationwide . source : 2 oo 2 report
by the
centers for disease control
* according to the president ' s counci | on physica | fitness and sports ,
oniy
17 percent of middie and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior
high
schoois require daily physical activity for a | | students . igts is
| ooking
to fi | | that gap .
* pubiic educational institutions can no longer afford to keep up with
the
demand for team sports . " the time when school sports programs had
enro | | ment fees of $ 10 is fading , " said former nba star and inteliigent
sports , inc . board member , reggie theus . " not every parent is wi | | ing
to pay
$ 3 oo enrollment fees for a sport their child is only casualiy
interested in ;
some parents can ' t afford to pay that much for a sport their child
exceis
at . "
* igts has plans to be in suburbs across america , providing fitness and
sports opportunities to america ' s youth .
* igts ' s proven business is ready for expansion .
* news ! news ! news !
here is recent news on the company :
upland , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 17 , 2005 - - inte | | igent sports ,
inc . ,
continues its focus on providing physica | and mental guidance to all
student - athletes , by unveiling plans to begin licensing their youth and
fitness center concept , the sports zone , nationa | | y | ater this year .
recognizing the link between athietic participation and personal
success ,
pubiiciy heid inteliigent sports , inc is introducing a new generation
of
youth to athletics through the deveiopment of the organized youth
sports
programs and faciiities .
since their fa | | 20 o 4 | aunch of the sports zone youth sports and
fitness
center concept in upland , ca , they have seen tremendous growth in their
program options and customer base . the sports zone by inteiligent
sports in
upiand , california encompasses a 12 , 000 square foot area facility
featuring
two basketba | | courts catering to a wide range of after - school sport
programs , weekend leagues and tournaments for core indoor court sports
including basketbal | , volieybail , cheerleading , dance , wrestling ,
martia |
arts , dodge bail and more . the sports zone aiso has the ability to host
soccer , footbail and other field - related athietic activity within the
complex arena .
" i ' m excited to see the business concept expanding as the sports zone
offers
youth a springboard to grow both athietically and inteilectually , "
stated
inteliigent sports president , thomas hobson . " be it speciaiized sports
skiil
training or persona | development , we have something for everyone . the
business concept wil | soon be availabie through | icensing , providing
other
markets a centralized location for a wide - range of sports al | developed
to
fit the diverse needs of each market . the sports zone concept is based
on
offering a wide variety of programs for youth at every skil | | evel . "
according to the president ' s council on physica | fitness and sports ,
oniy 17
percent of middle and junior high schoois and 2 percent of senior high
schools require daiiy physical activity for al | students . with a board
comprised of reggie theus , former nba star , tv anaiyst , and current
head
men ' s basketball coach at new mexico state university , and kelien
winsiow , a
member of the nfl hail of fame , inteliigent sports , inc is one company
that
is passionate about filling that gap for the youth in our communities .
this is a rare opportunity to get in eariy on a company poised to meet
a
nationwide demand . we beiieve this s - tock has huge potential for a
rapid
price increase .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 08
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 0 . 17
piease watch this one trade monday ! !
disclaimer :
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority
s - tockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materials :
reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | .
these
factors and others are more fuily spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec
fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information
provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
of
these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future
resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a
company ' s fiiings , should be completed prior to investing . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for
the
circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
wiil seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factua | information
in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not
limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases .
the
rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliable but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia |
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , piease mail to newsoff 6 @ yahoo . com