Subject: portfolio boost from this moneymaker
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 21
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
full - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
miilion in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 170 , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and plans . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , ooo we | | s produced
54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 008 @ yahoo . com