Subject: delivery authorization for bruceg
dell computer giftcard orderconfirmation # 3658 - vacc 6735
to : bruceg @ em . ca # 4031
to receive your gift , please click on or cut and paste :
we have been trying to reach you in order to deliver your free dell computer gift card .
please verify your shipping address and zipcode .
consumer incentive promotions has given you this $ 250 dell computer gift card just for
answering a 3 - minute survey and following instructions on our website .
please visit our website and verify your zipcode :
thank you and enjoy !
sincerely ,
mary henderson
customer service rep .
customer incentive promotions
this limited time promotion is sponsored by consumer incentive promotions and subject to terms , conditions
and restrictions . see site for details . the trademark owners have not endorsed this promotion , nor
are they affiliated or connected with this promotion . if you no longer wish to receive consumer incentive
promotions emails , visit the unsubscribe page on the consumer incentive promotions site , or you can
write us at : consumer incentive promotions , 14545 j military tr . # 189 , delray beach , fl 33484 , usa .
to unsubscribe , go to :
here
thistiv ndequocek csvdfh hosojuvipan fn - db rezeshib fobikamihist pilanda nevacaxonow vikuvuqui sujokasaqu huraga
what is a male ladybug called ?
why are semi - trucks bigger than regular trucks ?
why is an alarm clock going " off " when it actually turns on ?
if you wore a teflon suit , could you ever end up in a sticky situation ?
how fast do hotcakes sell ?
if you mated a bull dog and a shitsu , would it be called a bullshit ?
why are they called stairs inside but steps outside ?
does the president have to pay taxes ?
why do they put " for indoor or outdoor use only " on christmas lights ?
if dracula has no reflection , how comes he always had such a straight parting in his hair ?
if an ambulance is on its way to save someone , and it runs someone over , does it stop to help them ?
why is grape nuts cereal called that , when it contains neither grapes , nor nuts ?
if jimmy cracks corn and no one cares , why is there a song about him ?
why do drugstores make the sick walk all the way to the back of the store to get their prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front ?
isn ' t it kind of ominous to put your tax returns in the mail box and put up the little red flag ?
what ever happened to an e grade ? we have a , b , c , d , f but no e .
why is there a light in the fridge and not in the freezer ?
