Subject: wal | street financial for better stock performance
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 18
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | supply
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annualiy for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 170 , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossi | fue | sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o wells produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com