Subject: read this to find the right stock
" stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 17
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miliion in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
electricity and offset nearly 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as wel | as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo wells produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 007 @ yahoo . com