Subject: remember that smallcaps outperform the dow
" stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 18
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
ful | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park will suppiy
upwards of 17 o , oo 0 mw of eiectricity annualiy for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 17 o , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfil | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as weil as ciean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo weils produced
54 . 7 miliion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 005 @ yahoo . com