Subject: ( otcbb : xtme ) xtreme companies , inc . on the rise with new orders
otcbb : xtme
price : $ 0 . 35
xtreme companies , inc
full profile : http : / / www . otclive . com / xtme . htm
company overview
xtreme companies , inc . is a fully integrated
company dedicated to manufacturing and selling cutting edge ,
technologically superior , mission - specific fire and rescue boats used in
emergency , surveillance and defense deployments . the company ' s boats
combine power , handling , safety and stability in rough water and were
designed with the sole purpose to protect and save lives . xtreme is
a complete design - to - manufacturing organization , creating or licensing all
its own designs , tooling , molds and parts necessary to assemble their
boats in - house . the company plans to become the leading proprietary
designer and manufacturer of mission - specific boats , delivered at a
superior cost versus performance ratio to other competitors in the
industry . xtreme ' s boats have been marketed and sold directly to
municipalities and other government agencies , such as fire departments and
police departments throughout the united states and abroad .
frjl 250
xtreme companies , inc . , the leading designer and
manufacturer of high performance boats has developed the world ' s first jet
drive , quick - response , patented emergency vehicle . this boat will put ems
and fire personnel on the scene quicker than any product on the market
today . with a speed of up to 50 miles per hour ( 89 kmh - 175 hp drive ) , the
fire rescue jet 1250 can deliver ems and fire assistance to virtually any
location on or around the water .
prjl 200
xtreme companies , inc . , the leading designer and
manufacturer of high performance boats has developed the world ' s first jet
drive , quick - response , patented emergency vehicle . this boat will put
police and ems on the scene quicker than any product on the market today .
with a speed of up to 55 miles per hour ( 89 kmh - 175 hp drive ) , the patrol
rescue jet 1200 can deliver law enforcement and emergency assistance to
virtually any location on or around the water .
recent headlines
today ,
thu , apr 21 , 2005
•
xtreme
announces new dealer for challenger linepr
newswire ( thu 4 : 19 pm )
tue ,
apr 19 , 2005
•
xtreme
companies announces additional 5 boat order from lifeline
marine for challenger linepr
newswire ( tue , apr 19 )
mon ,
apr 18 , 2005
•
xtreme
companies announces additional 5 boat order from lifeline
marine for challenger linepr
newswire ( mon , apr 18 )
fri ,
apr 15 , 2005
•
xtreme
companies inc files sec form 10 ksb , annual
reportedgar
online ( fri , apr 15 )
wed ,
apr 6 , 2005
•
xtreme
companies announces first responders patrol boat sale to
lakewood , wa police departmentpr
newswire ( wed , apr 6 )
tue ,
apr 5 , 2005
•
xtreme
companies announces first responders patrol boat sale to
lakewood , wa police departmentpr
newswire ( tue , apr 5 )
contact
xtreme companies , inc . 11782
western ave . , ste . 18 stanton , ca 90680 phone : ( 714 )
895 - 0944 fax : ( 714 ) 895 - 7139 info @ xtremecos . comsales @ xtremecos . comir @ xtremecos . com
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
disclaimer this profile published by otc live , inc is an
independent electronic publication providing information and factual
analysis on selected companies . all statements and expressions are the
opinion of otc live , inc and are not meant to be either investment advice
or a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities .
investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an
extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a broker dealer or a
registered investment advisor . it is possible that an investor ' s
investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the
companies profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the featured
companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc believes its sources
to be reliable , associates of otc live , inc , or any affiliated parties
make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information
provided . readers should not rely solely on the information contained in
this publication , but should consult with their own independent tax ,
business and financial advisors with respect to any investment
opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised
company . factual statements in this
publication are made as of the date stated and are subject to change
without notice . otc live , inc is not responsible for any claims made by
the company . we have prepared this report , drawing upon a range of public
news , the company ' s website and information from sources in the industry ,
as well as data and opinions provided by the company . prior to issuing
this report , the company reviewed and approved the contents in writing
hereof . otc live , inc has not independently verified the company ' s
representations . any opinions expressed in this report are statements of
judgment as of the date of publication . we urge readers to carefully
verify all presentations within the report independently . the receipt of
this publication shall not create , under any circumstances , any
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company
profiled since the date of review . this advertisement does not provide an
analysis of the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this
advertisement has been compensated five thousand dollars by a third party
for the preparation and electronic dissemination of this report . this
should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest . furthermore ,
associates of otc live , inc may have stock positions on profiled companies
from time to time . we may profit in the event the shares of the company
profiled by us increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from
time to time even after we have made positive comments regarding the
company . the receipt of this information constitutes your acceptance of
these terms and conditions .
safe
harbor for forward - looking statements :
except for historical information contained herein , the statements on this
website and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities reform
act of 1995 . forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks
and uncertainties , which may cause a company ' s actual results in the
future periods to differ materially from forecasted results . these risks
and uncertainties include , among other things , product price volatility ,
product demand , market competition and risk inherent in the companies
operations . you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not
relate strictly to historical or current facts . they use words such as
` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' ' ` ` project , ' ' ` ` intend , ' '
` ` plan , " , " anticipate " , " guess " , " think " , " hear " , " suggest " , ` ` believe , ' '
and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any
discussion of future operating or financial performance . as a suggestion , " never , ever ,
make an investment based solely on what you read in an online newsletter
or internet bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a small ,
thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known , " said nancy m . smith ,
director of sec ' s office of investor education and assistance . " assume
that the information about these companies is not trustworthy unless you
can prove otherwise through your own independent research . " " internet
fraud " is available on the sec ' s web site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
