Subject: for the kingdom of god
from : mrs . goodness h . alfred williams
apex medical centre abidjan cote d ' ivoire
01 bp 4477 abidjan 01 , abidjan cote d ' ivoire
dearest in the lord .
i am the above name person from the republic of senegal . i am married to
dr alfred williams who worked with senegalise embassy in south africa for
nine years before he died in the year 2000 . we were married for eleven years
without a child . he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four
days . before his death we were both born again christians and we lived happilly .
when my late husband was alive he secured $ 15 million ( fifteen million u . s .
dollars ) with financial institution here in cote d ' ivoire . presently , this
money is still with the financial institution . but recently , my doctor told
me that from all the test conducted on my health , i am not going to last
long , expecially , due to my cancer and stroke . but what disturbs me most
now is stroke . this have indeed put me into serious confussion .
having known my condition , i decided to donate this fund to churches or
christian organization that will utilize this money specifically for the
work of god . i want a church or individual that will use this money to
fund churches , orphanages , widows , and the less priviledged ones . also ,
the propagation of the work of god , building and maintaining the house of
god through this money , is very important .
the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i
took this bold decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit
this money and my late husband relatives are not christians . i don ' t want
my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers , for their own
selfish interest and in an ungodly manner . i am not afraid of death hence
i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in the bossom of the
lord . exodus 14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall
hold my peace .
i am presently in one hospital here in abidjan called ( apex medical centre )
receiving some treatment .
as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the financial
institution in ivory coast . i will also give you all information regarding
the deposit of this money . i will also issue you a letter of authority that
will empower you as the original - beneficiary of this fund . i want you and
your church to always pray for me because god work in misterious ways . my
happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . who ever that wants
to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . i will also want you
to speak with me through the hospital telephone number which i will give
to you as soon as i hear from you . please always be prayerful all through
your life .
any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or christian
individual for this same purpose . please assure me that you will act accordingly
as i stated herein . hoping to hear from you soon . please reply me through
this mail goodnessgodl @ yahoo . com
remain blessed in the name of the lord .
yours in christ ,
mrs goodness h . alfred williams
con terra mail obtienes 6 mb de espacio adem?s de bloqueo antispam
http : / / terramail . terra . com . mx / terramail /
acceso a internet 3 x 1 , desde ? $ 179 pesos al mes !
encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles ! !
aprovecha nuestra promoci?n a 12 pagos sin intereses con banamex y bancomer
http : / / www . decompras . com /