Subject: bussiness co - operations .
from : mr . cheung won pui
hang seng bank ltd
sai wan ho branch
171 shaukiwan road
hong kong .
dear friend ,
i am mr . cheung won pui credit officer of the hang seng
bank ltd , sai wan ho branch . i have a obscured business
suggestion for you .
before the u . s and iraqi war our client general
ibrahim moussa who ( in this case i am his accounting
officer ) was with the iraqi forces and also a
businessman , made a numbered fixed deposit for 18
calendar months and advised that after the maturity ,
that the money should be transfered to our affiliate
branch in europe , a security company . now the total
value of the money is twenty four millions five
hundred thousand united state dollars only and the
money is in our affiliate branch in europe . upon
maturity several notice was sent to him , even during
the war early this year . again after the war another
notification was sent and still no response came from
him . i as his accounting officer ( as all correspondence
to him is passed through me ) later found out that the
general and his family had been killed during the war
in a bomb blast that hit their home .
after further investigation , i discovered that
general ibrahim moussa did not declare any next of kin
in his official papers including the paper work of his
bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time
he was at my office that no one except me knew of his
deposit in my bank . so , twenty four millions five
hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying
in the security company ' in europe , and no one will ever
come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that
according to the laws of europe , as it concerns their
banking rules , at the expiration 3 years the funds
will be reverted to our bank in hong kong and this in
turn will be reverted to the ownership of the hong
kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds .
against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i
will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of
kin to late general ibrahim moussa so that you will be
able to receive his funds .
what is to be done :
i want you to know that i have had everything planned
out ( as the accounts officer to general ibrahim
moussa ) so that we shall come out successfully . i have
contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary
document that will back you up as the next of kin to
general ibrahim moussa , all that is required from you
at this stage is for you to provide me with your full
names and address so that the attorney can commence
his job . after you have been made the next of kin ,
then youcan call the company bank your self and ask of
claim of your funds as the next of kin to the late
general , then the bank can now invite you to come for
claim , but if you can not come then , the attorney will
also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the
necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor
for the move of the funds to an account that will be
provided by you . this in turn i will send to the
security bank in europe .
there is no risk involved at all in this matter as we
are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney
will prepare all the necessary documents . please
endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters
concerning this issue . once the funds have been
transferred to your nominated bank account we shall
share in the ratio of 70 % , 30 % . if you are interested please
send me your full names and current residential
address and phone numbers , i will prefer you to reach
me on the email address below ( cheungpui 60 @ netscape . net )
and finally after that i shall provide you with more
details of this operation .
your earliest response to this letter will be
appreciated .
kind regards
mr . cheung w . pui