Subject: greetings from south africa
greetings to you ,
how are you and your family i hope that you are all okay ? i want to ask
you , if you are not capable to quietly look for a reliable and honest
person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank
account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money ,
even an empty a / c can serve to receive this money , as long as you will
remain honest to me till the end for this important business trusting in
you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in
future .
i am the head of international banking department , in one of the biggest
bank here in south africa . during the course of our auditing , i discovered
a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1996 and since 1998
nobody has operated on this account again , after going through some old
files in the records i discovered that the owner of the account died
without a [ heir / will ] hence the money is floating and if i do
not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the
owner of this account is late and by name mr . awal el - mohammed a citizen
of iraq . during my investigation concerning his where about , i discovered
that he died as a result of torture in the hand of saddam hussein ( former
iraqi president ) in one of his trips to his country iraq during saddam
hussein regime , as he was accused of leaking information to the americans .
i also found out that that mr . el - mohammed ’ s family wife and two sons
died during the gulf war in iraq and was the reason why he did not declare
any next of kin or relation in all his official documents , including his
bank deposit paperwork in my bank and did not leave any will
the total amount involve is eighteen million six hundred thousand united
states dollars only
[ $ 18 , 600 , 000 . 00 ] and i wish to transfer this money into a safe foreigners
bank account overseas . but i don ' t know any foreigner ; i am only
contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a
local person here , but to a foreigner who has information about the
account , which i shall give to you upon your positive response . i am
revealing this to you with believe in god that you will never let me down
in this business , you are the first and the only person that i am
contacting for this business , so please reply urgently so that i will
inform you the next step to take urgently .
i need your strong assurance that you will never let us down , me and a key
bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . i guarantee
that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that
will protect you from any breach of the law . i will destroy all documents
of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any
place . i will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals
for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate
clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign exchange
departments .
at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 30 % of the total
amount , 70 % will be for us . further details await your earliest reply .
please , treat this proposal as top secret . for security reasons , i expect
your response of interest through this my private email address or contact
me on my private satellite phone / fax numbers : tel : + 871763931353 , fax :
+ 871763931351
i wait to receive your response to this mail as soon as you receive this
mail .
best regards ,
mr . kentor zuma
- - - - recogida de firmas para el defensor del pueblo - - - -
- - - - necesitamos tu ayuda - - - -
- - - - - - - - - http : / / www . bancora . com / fibromialgia - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - llega el día de la madre . envíele flores - - - -
- - - - - - - - - http : / / flores . bancora . com - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / www . bancora . net - - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - el correo gratuito de báncora . com - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - visite http : / / www . bancora . com - - - - - - - -
