Subject: ( otc : sbgx ) is otclive ' s new stock of the week
stonebredge resources exploration ltd .
( sbgx : otc . bb )
www . sbgx . com
overview
stonebridge resources exploration ltd . ( nasd pink : sbgx ) , is a nevada
corporation listed on the nasdaq pink sheets . the company is focused on
resource acquisition and development for interests located primarily in
canada and the united states . the company has begun an intensive
campaign to acquire and develop high value base metals , gold and rare
earth bearing properties . the company has a strategy to acquire a large
number of high value properties and begin development of them commencing
immediately . the initial target acquisitions all have very high
potential for moving into production and produce substantial income and
profits . a private funding group has agreed to finance acquisition and
development of the initial properties under friendly terms which involve
a working interest in the properties and equity in the company .
value
proposition
stonebridge resources has a highly talented management group with many
years of experience in resource property development . the target
portfolio of initial acquisition candidates has a diverse and robust mix
of deposits , some of very high value . one target acquisition , for
example , has a large deposit of scandium . scandium is a very expensive
rare earth material which has been used by the russian materials
industry in alloy with aluminum to coat the surface of aircraft .
currently there is no scandium mined in the free world , and the property
that stonebridge plans to develop contains large reserves of scandium
and titanium . the company plans to develop properties with many diverse
resources such as copper , gold , zinc , talc , platinum and palladium
amongst others .
stonebridge has an initial plan to acquire at least ten and as many as
twenty valuable mining properties within a very short timeframe . in the
next several months sbgx plans to control at least a dozen high - value
mining properties with the potential to bring in many millions of
dollars of profit to the company . the exact extent of the potential
revenues is as yet undermined because , although most of the candidate
properties have known reserves , more exploration and drilling needs to
be conducted in order to determine the minimum value of the mining
operations once acquisition is complete . even after exploration , the
potential exists to uncover undiscovered reserves with the potential to
multiply the known value of the candidate acquisitions .
one
target acquisition is about 10 kilometers southwest of timmins , ontario .
the property already has indicated probable reserves of 100 , 000 ounces
with grades of 0 . 3 ounces per ton . this medium grade ore in large volume
constitutes a substantial deposit . exploration is ongoing at the site
and the company already has a joint venture partner lined up for
development once the acquisition is completed . the company has a
strategy to develop properties in joint ventures with large mining
interests . this strategy allows the company to leverage its capital and
proceed with development quickly on all properties simultaneously . the
company has at least ten gold bearing sites under review for acquisition
at this time .
conclusion :
stonebridge resources is building a large and well funded mining concern
with substantial acquisition properties in various stages of
development . the strategy of developing diverse properties with various
types of rare earth , gold and mineral deposits insures that there is
robust and lasting value built into the company . moreover the chances of
uncovering greater value as development continues increases as the
variety and extent of the deposits become fully known . stonebridge plans
to develop these properties and get them into production as soon as
possible .
the
company is well funded by investors who care for the long - term viability
of the company and who will act in the best interests of the
shareholders . gmcr expects that stonebridge will realize sizeable
profits of many millions of dollars from the development of these
initial candidate properties . moreover , gmcr expects that the company
will continue to expand through acquisition and become a major mining
concern throughout north america .
symbol
otc . bb sbgx
recent price $ 0 . 345
shares authorized 280 , 000 , 000
shares issued and outstanding 160 , 000 , 000
free trading shares ~ 20 , 000 , 000
float 6 , 400 , 000
company objective
the objective of the company is to become a respected leader in the
exploration and development in the resource and mining sector . our
primary objective will be to acquire properties of merit , primarily in
north america . focus being :
precious metal properties ( gold , silver and platinum ) .
base
metal properties ( copper , zinc , cobalt and nickel )
strategic metal properties ( uranium and palladium )
the
company will operate in a series of five distinct operational phases
working simultaneously in conjunction with one another .
phase one :
operations will be focused on the acquisition of a significant portfolio
of properties of merit described in the overview . it is our intention
not only to acquire such assets but to secure the acquisitions .
phase two :
our operations will require contracting qualified personnel to perform
feasibility studies on each acquisition and to recommend potential high
probability target areas . during this stage we will allot and expend
sufficient capital on engineering reports , line cutting and sampling ,
prospecting and preliminary drilling .
phase three :
this will be the most capital intensive stage of the overall program .
our focus will be directed on high probability targets with the goal of
bringing the property into development and production . this will
probably require us seeking senior joint venture companies to share both
in the expenses and profit potential . this is essentially the goal of
every junior mining firm .
phase four :
during this period we will actively seek out other junior mining
companies as joint venture partners . this will be mainly for
acquisitions that we have been unable to fully explore and develop . for
maintaining an interest in the project we will assign the assets to a
junior exploration public company in exchange for shares . we will
maintain an active interest in the project but would prefer to have our
partner take the lead in exploration and development of the property .
phase five :
acquisitions that were either sold or exchanged on a joint venture
program to other firms in exchange for shares , we will dividend out the
shares received to all of our existing shareholders once the shares
become free trading .
disclaimer
this
profile published by otc live , inc is an independent
electronic publication providing information and factual
analysis on selected companies . all statements and
expressions are the opinion of otc live , inc and are not
meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or
recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . investing
in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an
extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a
broker dealer or a registered investment advisor . it is
possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or
impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies
profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the
featured companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc
believes its sources to be reliable , associates of otc live ,
inc , or any affiliated parties make no representation or
warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided .
readers should not rely solely on the information contained
in this publication , but should consult with their own
independent tax , business and financial advisors with
respect to any investment opportunity , including any
contemplated investment in the advertised company .
factual statements in this publication are made as of the
date stated and are subject to change without notice . otc
live , inc is not responsible for any claims made by the
company . we have prepared this report , drawing upon a range
of public news , the company ' s website and information from
sources in the industry , as well as data and opinions
provided by the company . prior to issuing this report , the
company reviewed and approved the contents in writing
hereof . otc live , inc has not independently verified the
company ' s representations . any opinions expressed in this
report are statements of judgment as of the date of
publication . we urge readers to carefully verify all
presentations within the report independently . the receipt
of this publication shall not create , under any
circumstances , any implication that there has been no change
in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of
review . this advertisement does not provide an analysis of
the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this
advertisement has been compensated twenty thousand free
trading registered shares of sbgx by a third party for the preparation and
electronic dissemination of this report .
this should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest .
furthermore , associates of otc live , inc may have stock
positions on profiled companies from time to time . we may
profit in the event the shares of the company profiled by us
increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from
time to time even after we have made positive comments
regarding the company . the receipt of this information
constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions .
safe
harbor
for
forward - looking statements : except for historical
information contained herein , the statements on this website
and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private
securities reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may
cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to
differ materially from forecasted results . these risks and
uncertainties include , among other things , product price
volatility , product demand , market competition and risk
inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these
statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts . they use words such as
` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' ' ` ` project , ' '
` ` intend , ' ' ` ` plan , , anticipate ,
guess , think , hear ,
suggest , ` ` believe , ' ' and other words and terms
of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of
future operating or financial performance .
as
a suggestion , never , ever , make an investment based
solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet
bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a
small , thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known ,
said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s office of investor
education and assistance . assume that the information
about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can
prove otherwise through your own independent research .
internet fraud is available on the sec ' s web
site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
