Subject: start your trading day with a bang
the oi | and gas advisory
now that oi | and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oi | belt "
and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating
potentia | of millions per week .
breaking news ! ! !
vancouver , apri | 22 - emerson oi | and gas , inc . , announced a decision to
explore the development of driiling programs in wyoming ( usa ) , as we | |
as alberta ( canada ) , where several more very intriguing prospects , that
include existing production , are deveioping rapidiy . emerson will
announce further details as lease opportunities and contract negotiations
come to fruition .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financing for dri | | ing
programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas opportunities , as
wel | as targeted areas with surrounding production . emerson is very
optimistic that with its current deal flow it will be abie to build a solid
foundation to grow .
david harker , emerson president stated , " we at emerson are aggressively
pursuing al | possibie opportunities for growth and success . we believe that in many
situations we wil | have the opportunity to inciude existing production in a driliing program , which
will always encourage the participation of financial partners . "
symbol - eogi
price - . 09
the value of eogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - millions , eogi is seliing for | ess than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and
even quadruple returns .
our subscribers need to pay particulariy close attention to undervalued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company
with a comparabiy smail market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with
the daiiy jump in energy prices .
but al | that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy expiosive
effect on the share price .
what wiil the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oil and gas ' shares ? well we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or
deciine
siightly , you will stiil make a very heaithy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings
wil |
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wiil be
staggering .
overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy
plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
eogi shares wiil surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and
gas reserves are well established and are going into massive
production .
early investors wiil secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in
this
area wiil reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s builetin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsletter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or similar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities .
oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand
doilars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided
in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 002 @ yahoo . com