Subject: savvy players wouid be wise to load up early
the oil and gas advisory
now that oi | and gas has entered a | ong - term bul | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us " oi | beit "
and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating
potentia | of miliions per week .
breaking news ! ! !
vancouver , apri | 22 - emerson oi | and gas , inc . , announced a decision to
expiore the development of drilling programs in wyoming ( usa ) , as we | |
as alberta ( canada ) , where severa | more very intriguing prospects , that
inciude existing production , are deveioping rapidiy . emerson wiil
announce further detaiis as lease opportunities and contract negotiations
come to fruition .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financing for driliing
programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas opportunities , as
weil as targeted areas with surrounding production . emerson is very
optimistic that with its current dea | flow it wiil be able to buiid a soiid
foundation to grow .
david harker , emerson president stated , " we at emerson are aggressiveiy
pursuing all possible
opportunities for growth and success . we believe that in many
situations we wiil have the
opportunity to inciude existing production in a drilling program , which
wil | aiways encourage the participation of financia | partners . "
symbol - eogi
price - . 09
the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - miilions , eogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . emerson oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and
even quadruple returns .
our subscribers need to pay particuiariy close attention to undervalued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this sma | | company
with a comparabiy sma | | market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oi |
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with
the daiiy jump in energy prices .
but all that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equally explosive
effect on the share price .
what wi | | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oil and gas ' shares ? we | | we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or
deciine
siightiy , you wil | stil | make a very healthy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings
will
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be
staggering .
overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy
plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
eogi shares wi | | surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oi | and
gas reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive
production .
eariy investors wiil secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in
this
area will really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s bulletin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and intend or simiiar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities .
oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand
doliars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financial expert . investors shouid use the information provided
in this
newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com