Subject: from : mr harrison karnwea
attn : ceo
kindly accept my apology for sending unsolicited mail to you . although we never met before , i have every reason to believe that you are a highly respected personality , considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country .
though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins , my name is harrison karnwea from liberia , a country in west africa . my cousin mr john yormie winpoe , former deputy minister of national security in liberia . my cousin was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then president of liberia ( charles taylor ) from office . without trial , charles taylor killed him . you can verify this from these international newspaper website below :
( i ) http : / / www . usatoday . com / news / world / 2003 - 07 - 15 - liberia _ x . htm
before he was killed , my cousin instructed me to escape with his family to a hide out in johannesbourg , south africa , and he confided in me that he left some money in a diplomatic trust company in abroad , ( name withheld for security reasons ) . all i require from you is to assist me in claiming the fund ( sealed in diplomatic consignment ) from security company and invest in your country . when you claim the fund , i shall come over to your country with my cousins wife and children so that we can start a new life
if you may ask why do i need a foreign assistance or why can ' t i take the cash transfer and myself ? the answer is that there was an exclusion clause in the original agreement between the company and my cousin which states unambiguously that ' nobody , not even himself , can have access to the consignment in the company , and it has to be transferred to a foreign beneficiary outside africa . this was done because he envisaged his arrest and this clause were inserted to prevent any seizure or infiltration of the fund .
my decision to contact you is therefore , informed by this and due to my present social status and total ignorance of the business world . i believe you will appreciate the enormity of trust i repose on you by placing the fortunes of our family in your care . permit me to request that you should reassure me that you would not let me down in any way . on my part , this is my assurance and guarantee to you . in as much as you follow my instructions carefully , religiously and promptly my guarantee of a hitch - free success remains unshakable . i have contacted the
diplomatic security firm to confirm the deposit , which is worth $ 15 million , ( fifteen million united state dollars only ) .
you will be given 30 % of the total sum at the end of the transaction . if you will be willing to assist us claim the money and invest it in your country . i want to assure you that all modalities are in place and it is a risk free transaction .
kindly include your full names , private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reach , your residential or company address to enable me send some other important information across to you . this proposal is highly restricted and should be handled as an urgent transaction requiring trust and confidentiality . please reply to this email : karnwea @ kaixo . com
sincerely ,
mr harrison karnwea
email : karnwea @ kaixo . com
denne email var sendt fra http : / / brabrandungdom . 1 go . dk mail service