Subject: company spotlight > > ( otc : sbgx )
here ' s
another company to put on your radar , another one from the same source that
alerted us to : cyad , tftg which all doubled .
stonebridge resources exploration
ltd .
( otc : sbgx . pk )
current price : $ 0 . 41
equity
structure freetrading 20 , 000 , 000
sharesfloat 3 , 000 , 000
shares
overviewstonebridge resources exploration ltd .
( nasd pink : sbgx ) , is a nevada corporation listed on the nasdaq pink
sheets . the company is focused on resource acquisition and development for
interests located primarily in canada and the united states . the company has
begun an intensive campaign to acquire and develop high value base metals , gold
and rare earth bearing properties . the company has a strategy to acquire a large
number of high value properties and begin development of them commencing
immediately . the initial target acquisitions all have very high potential for
moving into production and produce substantial income and profits . a private
funding group has agreed to finance acquisition and development of the initial
properties under friendly terms which involve a working interest in the
properties and equity in the company .
value resources has a
highly talented management group with many years of experience in resource
property development . the target portfolio of initial acquisition candidates has
a diverse and robust mix of deposits , some of very high value . one target
acquisition , for example , has a large deposit of scandium . scandium is a very
expensive rare earth material which has been used by the russian materials
industry in alloy with aluminum to coat the surface of aircraft . currently there
is no scandium mined in the free world , and the property that stonebridge plans
to develop contains large reserves of scandium and titanium . the company plans
to develop properties with many diverse resources such as copper , gold , zinc ,
talc , platinum and palladium amongst others . stonebridge has an initial
plan to acquire at least ten and as many as twenty valuable mining properties
within a very short timeframe . in the next several months sbgx plans to control
at least a dozen high - value mining properties with the potential to bring in
many millions of dollars of profit to the company . the exact extent of the
potential revenues is as yet undermined because , although most of the candidate
properties have known reserves , more exploration and drilling needs to be
conducted in order to determine the minimum value of the mining operations once
acquisition is complete . even after exploration , the potential exists to uncover
undiscovered reserves with the potential to multiply the known value of
the candidate acquisitions . one target acquisition is about 10 kilometers
southwest of timmins , ontario . the property already has indicated probable
reserves of 100 , 000 ounces with grades of 0 . 3 ounces per ton . this medium grade
ore in large volume constitutes a substantial deposit . exploration is ongoing at
the site and the company already has a joint venture partner lined up for
development once the acquisition is completed . the company has a strategy to
develop properties in joint ventures with large mining interests . this strategy
allows the company to leverage its capital and proceed with development quickly
on all properties simultaneously . the company has at least ten gold bearing
sites under review for acquisition at this time .
 resources is building a
large and well funded mining concern with substantial acquisition properties in
various stages of development . the strategy of developing diverse properties
with various types of rare earth , gold and mineral deposits insures that there
is robust and lasting value built into the company . moreover the chances of
uncovering greater value as development continues increases as the variety and
extent of the deposits become fully known . stonebridge plans to develop these
properties and get them into production as soon as possible . the company
is well funded by investors who care for the long - term viability of the company
and who will act in the best interests of the shareholders . gmcr expects that
stonebridge will realize sizeable profits of many millions of dollars from the
development of these initial candidate properties . moreover , gmcr expects that
the company will continue to expand through acquisition and become a major
mining concern throughout north america .
press release
stonebridge signs loi to acquire 50 % interest in mining
claims of 6070205 canada inc . friday april 29 , 4 : 01 pm
et
carson city , nev . - - ( business wire ) - - april 29 , 2005 - - stonebridge
resources explorations ltd . ( nqb : sbgx - news ) , has entered into a
letter of intent with 6070205 canada inc . to acquire 50 % interest in the mining
claims of their property in northern ontario , 15 km n . w . of kirkland lake .
the property was explored previously by a number of companies and previous
drilling indicated geology finds that are favorable for a potential large
sulphite deposit .
the initial drilling done in 1998 indicated zinc mineralization in a number
of drill holes , varying from 0 . 6 meters of 4 . 4 % zinc and 1 . 76 % zinc over 4 . 6
meters , 1 . 33 % zinc over 4 meters .
in the year 2002 a megatem airborne survey was conducted over the property
identifying several areas of interest . a confirmation of the geophysical result
from the airborne survey was obtained by a ground geophysical survey that
identified the down plunge extension of the previous drilling . it was
recommended that a 3 drill hole program for a total of 500 meters be undertaken .
harold pizel , stonebridge resources president , said ; " this agreement signed
once again shows our strong belief and commitment to the mineral rich northern
ontario region , we are excited about the opportunities ahead . "
stonebridge resources explorations ltd . is a junior resource and exploration
company concentrating on acquiring and consolidating large advanced
exploration - stage companies with near term production potential and future
growth potential and acquiring this growth initiative in a profitable and
socially responsible manner .
safe harbor
the foregoing contains forward looking statements . for this purpose any
statements contained in this document that are not statements of historical fact
may be deemed to be forward looking statements . without limiting the foregoing ,
such words a " may " , " will " , " believes " , " estimates " , " continue " , or comparable
terminology intends to identify forward looking statements . these statements by
their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties and actual results may
differ materially depending upon a variety of factors stated in the company ' s
filings with the securities and exchange commission .
contact : stonebridge resources explorations ltd .
investor relations :
harold pizel , 905 - 481 - 2533
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
disclaimer :
never invest in any stock featured on our site or emails unless you can
afford to lose your entire
disclaimer is to be read and fully understood before using our site , or joining
our email list . please note well : the otc live employees are not
registered as an investment advisor in any jurisdiction whatsoever .
release of liability : through use of this website viewing or using
you agree to hold otc live , its operators owners and employees harmless and to
completely release them from any and all liability due to any and all loss
( monetary or otherwise ) , damage ( monetary or otherwise ) , or injury ( monetary or
otherwise ) that you may incur . otc live has been compensated 20 , 000
registered shares of sbgx from a third party for advertisement services for
sbgx . otclive . com is written and published by otc live employees . readers
are advised that this analysis report is issued solely for informational
purposes . neither the information presented nor any statement or expression of
opinion , or any other matter herein , directly or indirectly constitutes a
representation by the publisher nor a solicitation of the purchase or sale of
any securities . the information contained herein is based on sources which we
believe to be reliable but is not guaranteed by us as being accurate and does
not purport to be a complete statement or summary of the available data . the
owner , publisher , editor and their associates are not responsible for errors and
omissions . they may from time to time have a position in the securities
mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice . any
opinions expressed are subject to change without notice . otc live encourages
readers and investors to supplement the information in these reports with
independent research and other professional advice . all information on
featured companies is provided by the companies profiled , or is available from
public sources and otc live makes no representations , warranties or guarantees
as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies .
otc live , nor any of its affiliates are not registered investment advisors or a
broker dealers . otc live has been advised that the investments in companies
profiled are considered to be high risk and use of the information provided is
at the investor ' s sole risk . otc live has also been advised that the purchase of
such high risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the
investment . investors should not rely solely on the information presented .
rather , investors should use the information provided by the profiled companies
as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiled
companies in order to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion
regarding investing in the profiled companies . factual statements made by the
profiled companies are made as of the date stated and are subject to change
without notice . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and
carries an extremely high degree of risk . it is possible that an investor ' s
entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the
companies profiled . otc live makes no recommendation that the securities of the
companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities
that learn of the profiled companies through otc live . otc live owners may or
may not hold positions in the companies that are profiled . investing in
securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk .
it is possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or impaired due to the
speculative nature of the companies profiled . the information
contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities
exchange act of 1934 including statements regarding expected continual growth of
the company and the value of its securities . in accordance with the safe harbor
provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 it is hereby
noted that statements contained herein that look forward in time which include
everything other than historical information , involve risk and uncertainties
that may affect the company ' s actual results of operation . factors that could
cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for the
company ' s products , the company ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in
the near term and in the long term , pricing pressures , unforeseen and / or
unexpected circumstances in happenings , pricing pressures , etc . investing in
securities is speculative and carries risk . past performance does not guarantee
future results . third party web sites and informationotc live
and newsletter may provide hyperlinks to third party websites or access to third
party content . otc live does not control , endorse , or guarantee content found in
such sites . you agree that otc live is not responsible for any content ,
associated links , resources , or services associated with a third party site . you
further agree that otc live , inc . shall not be liable for any loss or damage of
any sort associated with your use of third party content . links and access to
these sites are provided for your convenience
only .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
