Subject: lucky summit online casino opens on schedule with summit radio not
far behind
otcpk : setg 05 . 03 . 05 volume # 210 luckysummit . com
lucky summit online casino opens on schedule with summit radio not far behind
were you aware that over 70 % of all internet users in the usa have made purchases as a result of online marketing ? that ' s because online marketing advertising works ! if you are looking for an effective way to market your products or services online , bulk online marketing is the method of choice for the most successful online or land based businesses . however , there is a right way and a wrong way to market your business or organization via internet .
the industry :
gambling in america has deep cultural roots and exists today as a widely available and socially accepted recreational activity . over 80 percent of american adults now report having gambled sometime during their lifetime - on casino games , lotterie , sports betting , horse racing and off - track betting , and other gambling activities . it is estimated that in 1997 they collectively wagered more than $ 551 billion . this market has increased the intensity of competition for gambling among state - sponsored lotteries and commercial gambling enterprises , leading to legalization in some states in which gambling had previously been voted down . presently , gambling in some form is legal in all but 3 states , casinos or casino - style games are available in 21 states , and 37 states have lotteries .
john d . jarvis , president of summit entertainment , stated , " party poker is a perfect example of the growth in online poker . this site started in 2001 and in the last 12 months has increased its membership base by nearly 5000 per cent , establishing itself as one of the biggest and most profitable sites on the net . party poker is expected to float next year for around 5 billion usd . " he concluded , " i know that our software can compete with party poker ' s , i also believe that these numbers are obtainable by lucky summit ' s online casino if our summit media services , ( sms ) http : / / media . summitentgroup . com , division dedicates themselves to the same kind of success in promotion that party poker has accomplished . "
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur .
as with many microcaps , today ' s featured company has factors that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . furthermore , the company has a large accumulated deficit since its inception and a substantial negative net worth . an investment in today ' s featured company is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
summit media advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . the publisher of summit media is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . all information within this email is qualified in its entirety by the detailed information and financial statements of the featured company contained in its regulatory filings with the sec . end - users are responsible for verifying all claims and conducting their own due diligence . any reference to past performance of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given .
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . past performance is never indicative of future results . this email message may contain references or links to web sites operated by third parties . such references or links are provided for the reader ' s reference and convenience only . we are not responsible for the reliability of these external sites nor are we responsible for any of the contents , advertising , products , or other materials on such external sites .
our inclusion of references or links to such web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such web sites or any association with their operators . under no circumstances shall we be held responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused in connection with the use of or reliance on any content , goods , or services available on such external site . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , summit media expects to receive ( no ) dollars from a third party not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings and company press releases and provided to summit media by a third party not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder . summit media believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
all information provided regarding the companies featured on this web site comes from the companies themselves , sec filings , news releases , company web sites as well as other sources of publicly available information . the profiles of companies are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold these or any other securities .
summit media services
http : / / media . summitentgroup . com - 14435 fm 2920 - tomball , tx 77377
summit entertainment group 14435 fm 2920 tombal , tx 77377