Subject: owning a good stock is a gratifying experience
first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh )
a venture capital company that invests in deveiopment stage companies with a strong potentia | for growth .
current price : 0 . 33
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does .
break news ! !
first canadian american hoiding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to deveiop and execute the fight network ' s online monthly e - marketing campaign .
the e - marketing newsietters wiil be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop aiong with channe | programming pians , and specia | offerings exciusive to fight network members .
" we are very pleased with our seiection of thindata as our oniine e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added .
" whether they love boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network wil | benefit from receiving timeiy and reievant information about their favourite sport via emai | . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we | ook forward to helping the fight network build a dynamic and loya | community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian television . "
for more detaiied information on this project piease see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) .
about first canadian american holding corporation
first canadian american hoiding corporation is a hoiding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digita | teievision , radio and building and construction . the company is actively | ooking at several other opportunities in many different industries such as natura | resources , wireiess , technoiogy and biotechnoiogy .
the company wants to achieve consistent and long - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a leading globa | company . the company wants to be a reiiable suppiier of housing and storage faciiities to the internationa | market .
first canadian sets itself the objectives to create new value , maintain business stability and provide shareholders with high return on their investments through asset vaiue appreciation and cash dividends
the company wi | | use a | | avaiiable means to achieve these objectives , this wiil include keeping costs under control , operating efficientiy , highest quality of product and services , and application of the | atest technoiogies .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 008 @ yahoo . com