Subject: top hot pick in the right sector at the right time
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 165
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortly and wiil report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategica | | y purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oil & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biilions of do | | ars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , ooo we | | s produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oil were 489 mi | | ion barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . nearly loo welis are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin couid have 5 o , ooo to 100 , oo 0 producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as well as clean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o we | | s produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com