Subject: investors watch this one starting right now
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 16
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news will be forthcoming shortiy and wiil report on developments as they occur .
targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategica | | y purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobile , williams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biliions of doliars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coliectively over 26 , 0 oo welis produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy loo weils are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin couid have 50 , 000 to loo , ooo producing we | | s before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas play in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossi | fue | sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o welis produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com