Subject: dear god fearing person
from roland nuhan vaya
abidjan cote d ' ivoire .
email : vaya _ family 4 u @ latinmail . com
tele / 225 080 573 23
confidential transfer .
dear respected personality ,
kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you ,
iam a god fearing person . and i want you to trust me and help me out in this my condition . i believe you are a highly respected personality . and i know my mail will be a surprise to you but you should understand that i was totally convinced to write to you in reference of the transfering of $ 19 . 500 . 000 . oo ( nineteen million five hundrend thousand us dollars ) into your account for onward investment in your country . and i must confess that my agitations are real and my word is my bond in this proposal .
i am , roland nuhan vaya , from liberia . a country in west africa . the only son of late mr and mrs . isaac nuhan vaya , of the blessed memory . my late father mr issac nuhan vaya was the deputy minister of public works in liberia , my father was falsely accused of plotting to remove the president of liberia charles taylor ) from office . without trial charles taylor killed my father . as we got the news of the agedy . we immediatly managed to ran into our neigbouring country ivory coast . ( cote d ' ivoire ) for refuge . you can verify this from some of the international newspeper poste in the web sites below :
befor the dealth of my mother in 21 st october 2003 , in a private hospital here in abidjan after i have spend all the little money with us here . my mother secretly called me on his bedside and told me that my father has a sum of $ 19 . 500 . 000 . oo ( nineteen million five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) left in a custody of a security company here . and he used my name as his only son for the next of kin in deposit of the fund ) . my mother also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that his office associates sate him up and accused him of the cuop plot agains charsel taylor . so that he will be killed . my mother advice me that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose , ( such as real estate management . or any profitable business that is risk free ,
this money was ment for importation of agricultural machinery . with all the related documents of the deposit and agreement . i have locate the security company where the money is deposited with the help of attorney and esterblised ownership . with all the related documents of cliam ,
sir i am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways .
1 ) to provide a bank account where this money would be transferred to
( 2 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a boy of 18 years
( 3 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money has been transferred .
( 4 ) to assist me get a collage admission to further my education and to help me invest the money into a good lucrative business ,
moreover , sir , i am willing to offer you 20 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort / input after the successful transfer of this fund to your norminated account overseas while i mapped out 5 % incase of any expensince that my acurred .
furthermore , you can indicate your option towards
assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded within seven ( 7 ) working days you signify interest to assist me .
please respond with this email address : ( vaya _ family 4 u @ latinmail . com ) for more informations . or you can call me on my direct teleponer line / + 225 080 57323 ,
anticaipting to hear from you soon .
thanks and god bless .
yours sincerely .
roland nuhan vaya ,
get your free mail from @ posta . ge at http : / / www . posta . ge