Subject: congratulations ! ! !
from : government accredited licensed lottery promoters . winning notice for category " a " winner
dear winner ,
re : lotto international nl promotion prize awards winning notification
we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual final draws of lotto international netherlands programs .
the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of 25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged as one of two winners in the category " a " with the following :
ref number : pc 390 es 214
batch number : 26371545 - lni / 2005
ticket number : pcp 002 871
you as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize of 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . ( one million , five hundred thousand euro only ) each from the total payout . your prize award has been insured with your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting our requirements , statutory obligations , verifications , validations and satisfactory report .
to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category " a "
winners with the information below :
mr . van bell ,
remittance department director ,
netherlands lottery international nl company [ lotto international
netherlands ] ,
107 vanderloop
1902 ab , amsterdam ,
the netherlands
e - mail ( vannbell 2005 @ yahoo . com . au )
note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 20 days . after this date all unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake . remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence .
you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a case of double claims will not be entertained ) . members of the affiliate agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program .
thank you and congratulations ! ! !
yours faithfully ,
mrs . lynn rowlands ,
games / lottery coordinator .
lotto international netherlands
www . lotto . nl
this email may contain information which is confidential and / or privileged . the information is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity named above . if you are not the intended recipient , be aware that any disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents is prohibited . if you have received this electronic transmission in error , please notify te sender by telephone or return email and delete the material from your computer .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com