Subject: winning notification ! ! ! !
laan van hoornwijck
2289 dg rijswijk , den haag
the netherlands .
( customer services )
ref : 74 nl / 505 / - 00885 de
batch : de 808 nl
zonal draw no : de - a 2 - 004 - 885
grand draw no : 13158
final winning notification :
dear lucky winner ,
re : bonus lottery promotion prize awards winning notification
we are pleased to notify you the draw ( # 13158 ) of the delottobv international
lottery program held on may 3 , 2005 . participants were selected through a
randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from an initial database of 300 , 000
emails all participants were selected through a computer
ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and
north america as part our international promotions program , which was conducted
in view of launching ourselves into the sweepstakes industry worldwide and
zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe ,
we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners
of the grand draw prize . to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings ,
the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents
. you are to contact our agents by email / fax or call within a week of receiving
this notice .
be advice to keep your winning information confidential until your claims
has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security
protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program .
you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of ( us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) one million , five hundred thousand dollars only in cash credited to file
number 74 nl / 505 / - 00885 de . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 7 , 500 , 000 : 00
shared amongst the five ( 5 ) lucky winners in this category i . e . match 5 plus
bonus .
your prize award has been insured in your favor and is ready for claims .
to begin your claims therefore , you are advised to expeditiously contact
our licensed and accredited claim agent for overseas lottery winners within
a period of 7 working days ( date of this email inclusive )
for the processing of your winning and remittance to your designated bank
account after all statutory obligations have been satisfactorily dispensed
with . please be informed that claims not processed within the stipulated
period may be forfeited to the pool without further notice . your claim agent
will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds
as soon as you contact him / her . you may wish to establish contact via e - mail
or fax / telephone with the particulars presented below .
overseas claims unit
( investecbv )
contact person : mr . peter macdonalds .
email : deloto @ myway . com
tel : + 31 649 208 122
fax : + 31 - 847 - 483 - 114 .
our winners are assured of the utmost standards of confidentiality , and press
anonymity until the end of proceedings , and beyond where they so desire .
be further advised to maintain the strictest level of confidentiality until
the end of proceedings to circumvent problems associated with fraudulent
claims . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming
and unwarranted abuse of this program .
congratulations ! ! !
truly yours ,
malcolm scott .
lottery co - coordinator ,
tel / fax : + 31 84 744 4425 .
important notice : n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners
will result to disqualification . contact your claim agent as instructed above .
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /