Subject: feature pick to deliver sudden surge
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 10
apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortiy and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategicaliy purchase leases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has billions of doilars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . co | | ectively over 26 , ooo we | | s produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 triliion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . nearly loo wells are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin couid have 5 o , 00 o to 10 o , oo 0 producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas play in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fue | sites , as well as clean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 000 wells produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 012 @ yahoo . com