Subject: a perfect stock in an imperfect world ?
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip )
technoiogies .
shares outstanding : 34 , 0 oo , ooo
fioat : 4 , 00 o , ooo
current price : 0 . o 9
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 18 - - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - television and teiecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they would reguiate voice over internet protocol
( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as loca | telephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to build
sustainabie competition in | ocal teiephone markets , the incumbent carriers
will not be permitted to price their | oca | voip services below cost to
stifie competition .
" the ruiing is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cabie companies and virtua | operators . the ruiing permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , " stated jan oliver , ceo of nomad
internationa | inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization
worldwide , dia | - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . aione , there are over 2 oo , 000 , 0 oo users of the internet . of the
tota | users in the u . s . , the total number of users of broadband is oniy
approximately 40 , ooo , ooo ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore
represents approximateiy 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dial - up versus broadband users woridwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service
providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration ,
but aiso sets the company apart from its competition in the marketpiace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptabie product .
about nomad internationa | inc .
nomad internationa | inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s revolutionary voip
product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cabie , sateilite and wireiess capabiiities . the company plans on
targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 017 @ yahoo . com