Subject: mr . fredrick khumalo .
from : fredrick khumalo
email : fred . khumalo @ caramail . com
johannesburg , south africa .
dear sir / madam ,
i know that this message may come to you as a surprise since we do not know each other before , but for
purpose of introduction , i am mr . fredrick khumalo , an auditor in absa bank of south africa .
during my auditing work in the bank , i found out about an account opened in this bank in 1982 and since 1997
nobody has operated on this account . after going through some old files in the record , i discovered that the
owner of this account is mr . smith b . andreas , a foreigner , and a miner at kruger gold co . , who died since 1997 .
no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary
and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the
amount involved is six million three hundred thousand united states dollars ( usd $ 6 . 3 m ) . i am only contacting
you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a local bank here , but can only be approved to
any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the account mr . smith b .
andreas is a foreigner too .
i need your full co - operation to make this work , because the management is ready to approve the transfer of
this money to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you later . if you
are able and willing to handle such amount in strict confidence and according to my instructions and advice for
our mutual benefit because this is a lifetime opportunity . with my position now in the office i can lobby for the
transfer this money to your account , which you will provide with the assurance that the money will be intact
pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing .
i will destroy all documents of transaction immediately this money is transferred , leaving no trace to any place .
i will apply for my annual leave to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account . i will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of
this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange
departments .
please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take immediately . send also your private
telephone and fax numbers including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . at the conclusion
of this business , you will get 20 % of the total amount , 75 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both
parties might incur during the transfer process . i look forward to your earliest reply
please your telephone anf fax numbers is urgent
yours faithfully .
mr . fredrick khumalo .
draftsinboxsent mailtrash can