Subject: your compliance is needed
name : mrs . suzana nuhan vaye
% barr . james broderick ( attorney
tel : 44 - 7040120730
fax : 44 - 870 - 122 - 3987
email : brrjmsbroderick @ kaixo . com
email : barjmsbroderick @ yahoo . com . hk
attn : md / ceo
kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you . i am a true god fearing person , and i want you to trust me and help me out in this my condition . i believe you are a highly respected personality , considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country in the internet .
though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins .
my name is mrs . suzana nuhan vaye from liberia , a country in west africa . my late husband is issac nuhan vaye , deputy minister of public works in liberia . my husband was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then president of liberia charles taylor from office . without trial , charles taylor killed him . you can verify this from some of the international newspapers posted in the web sites below :
before my husband was killed , he moved out the sum of $ 21 . 5 million through a diplomatic means , and deposited it with a security company abroad . and this money was meant for importation of agricultural machinery .
all that is needed is for my lawyer to instruct the company to transfer the funds to your account , i will remunerate you with 20 % at the end , but most of all is that i solicit your trust and honesty in this transaction . i have been confined only to our country home and all my calls are monitored , so i will advise you to contact my private attorney barr . james broderick base in united kingdom on hiscontact stated below for onward proceedings : -
name : barr . james broderick ( attorney
tel : 44 - 7040120730
fax : 44 - 870 - 122 - 3987
email : brrjmsbroderick @ kaixo . com
email : barjmsbroderick @ yahoo . com . hk
kindly include your full name , private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reached , your residentialor company address to enable him send detailinformation / documents that will enable you receive the fund without any problem either now or in future as allmodalities as been perfected .
please your urgent response is needed .
best regards .
mrs . suzana nuhan vaye ( widow
ce message a été composé avec le module webmail des services du comité départemental d ' aikido de l ' yonne
http : / / www . aikido 89 . com