Subject: project
qin wang
lloyds tsb pacific limited
hong kong branch
fax : + 852 - 301 - 66259
thank you for giving me your time . please be patient and read my email to you .
i am a staff of lloyds tsb group attached in private banking services . i am
contacting you concerning a customer and , an investment placed under our banks
management 3 years ago , i contacted you independently of our investigation and
no one is informed of this communication and i would like to intimate you with
certain facts that i believe would be of interest to you .
in 2000 , the subject matter ; ref : bb / tsb / bank / 73 came to our bank to engage in
business discussions with our private banking services department . he informed
us that he had a financial portfolio of 8 . 35 million united states dollars ,
which he wished to have us turn over on his behalf . i was the officer assigned
to his case ; i made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de - facto
chief operations officer of the private banking services department , especially
given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank . we met on numerous
occasions prior to any investments being placed . i encouraged him to consider
various growth funds with prime ratings . the favored route in my advice to
customers is to start by assessing data on 600 traditional stocks and bond
managers and alternative investments . based on my advice , we spun the money
around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months
of operation , the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 10
million united states dollars , this margin was not the full potential of the
fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments . in mid 2001 , he
asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent
investment requiring cash payments in europe . he directed that i liquidate the
funds and had it deposited with a firm in europe . i informed him that our bank
would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to
circumvent due process , the bank would have to make a 9 . 5 % deduction from the
funds to cater for banking and statutory charges . he complained about the
charges but later came around when i explained to him the complexities of the
task he was asking of us . cash movement across borders has become especially
strict since the incidents of 9 / 11 .
i contacted my affiliate in europe and had the funds available in main land
europe . i undertook all the processes and made sure i followed his precise
instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited in a security
consultancy firm , the firm is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits
from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable
products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash . this
small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly
placed and well - connected organizations . in line with instructions , the money
was deposited . he told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his
arrival from norway later that week . this was the last communication we had ,
this transpired around 20 th june 2002 . in june last year , we got a call from
the security firm informing us of the inactivity of that particular portfolio .
this was an astounding position as far as i was concerned , given the fact that
i managed the private banking sector i was the only one who knew about the
deposit , and i could not understand why he had not come forward to claim his
deposit .
i made futile efforts to locate him i immediately passed the task of locating
him to the internal investigations department of our bank . four days later ,
information started to trickle in , that he was apparently dead . a person who
suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in cannes , south of
france . we were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was
confirmed . the bank immediately launched an investigation into possible
surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to
claim his estate . if you are familiar with private banking affairs , those who
patronize our services usually prefer anonymity , but also some levels of
detachment from conventional processes . in his bio - data form , he listed no next
of kin . in the field of private banking , opening an account with us means no
one will know of its existence , accounts are rarely held under a name
depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also
gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the
bank itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i said ,
rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients apart from not
nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care , in
this case ; he died in testate .
what i wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to
understand something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the
internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of private
banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain
offices and oversee certain portfolios . you should have begun by now to put
together the general direction of what i propose . there is us $ 8 , 370 , 000 . 00
deposited , i alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit
to no one unless i instruct them to do so . i alone know of the existence of
this deposit for as far as the finance firm , the transaction with our deceased
customer concluded when i sent the funds to the firm , all outstanding
interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due
process . the finance firm has no single idea of what ' s the history or nature of
the deposit . they are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to
any party that comes forward . this is the situation . this bank has spent great
amounts of money trying to track this man ' s family ; they have investigated for
months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end .
my proposal , you share similar details to the late fellow i am prepared to
place you in a position to instruct the finance firm to release the deposit to
you as the closest surviving relation . upon receipt of the deposit , i am
prepared to share the money with you in half and no more . that is : i will
simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to
you . we share the proceeds 50 / 50 . i would have gone ahead to ask the funds be
released to me , but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my
involvement in claiming the deposit . but on the other hand , you with a similar
name as the original depositor would easily pass as the beneficiary with the
rights to claim . i assure you that i could have the deposit released to you in
a few days . i will simply inform our bank of the final closing of the file
relating to the customer . i will then officially communicate with the finance
company and instruct them to release the deposit to you . with these two things :
all is done .
the alternative would be for us to have the firm direct the funds to another
bank with you as accountholder . this way there will be no need for you to think
of receiving the money from the firm . we can fine - tune this based on our
interactions . i am aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if
you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail . i ask
that you do not be vindictive or destructive . if my offer is of no appeal to
you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you . do not destroy my
career because you do not approve of my proposal . you may not know this but
people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the
whole private banking sector . i am not a criminal and what i do , i do not find
against good conscience , this may be hard for you to understand , but the
dynamics of my industry dictates that i make this move . such opportunities only
come ones ' way once in a lifetime . i cannot let this chance pass me by
i hope you understand because for once i found myself in total control and face
to face with my destiny . these chances won ' t pass me by . i ask that you do not
destroy my chance , if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on
with my life but do not destroy me . i am a family man and this is an
opportunity to provide them with new opportunities . there is a reward for this
project and it is a task well worth undertaking . i have evaluated the risks and
the only risk i have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my
bank . i am the only one who knows of this situation , good fortune has blessed
you with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life .
let ' s share the blessing .
if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process towards a
conclusion . i wish to inform you that should you contact me via official
channels ; i will deny knowing you and about this project . i repeat , i do not
want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do i want you
contacting me through my official email account . contact me only through this
email address ( q _ wang @ o 2 . pl )
i do not want any direct link between you and me . my official lines are not
secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer
care in line with our total quality management policy .
please observe this instruction religiously . please , again , note i am a family
man ; i happily married with two kids . i send you this mail not without a
measure of fear as to what the consequences might be , but i know within me that
nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy
or on a platter of gold . this is the one truth i have learned from my private
banking clients . do not betray my confidence . if we can be of one accord , we
should plan a meeting , soon .
i await your response .
sincerely ,
qin wang
* este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / www . enterate . com . ar /
* conectate gratis a internet desde enterate !
usuario : enterate @ enterate . com . ar
clave : enterate
desde buenos aires : 4004 - 8007
desde otras ciudades , consulta en :
