Subject: from mr li le song
from : mr . li le song
hang seng bank ltd
fu shan mansion
25 taikoo shing road
taikoo shing branch
hong kong .
tel / fax : + 852 - 301 - 01462
private e - mail : lsong 64 song @ yahoo . com . hk
i am mr . li le song credit officer of the foriegn
operations dept . of the hang seng bank ltd , taikoo shing
branch . i have a obscured business suggestion for
you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client colonel
sadiq uday who was with the iraqi forces and also
business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18
calendar months , with a value of nineteen millions five
hundred thousnd united state dollars only ( usd $ 19 , 5 m ) in
my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him ,
even during the war early last year .
again after the war another notification was sent and
still no response came from him . we later find out that
the colonel and his family had been killed during the
war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further
investigation it was also discovered that colonel sadiq
uday did not declare any next of kin in his , official
papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and
he also confided in me the last time he was at my office
that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank .
so , nineteen millions five hundred thousand united state
dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever
come forward to claim it .
what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my
country at the expiration 4 years the funds will
revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if
nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop ,
my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a
foreigner to stand as the next of kin to colonel sadiq
uday so that you will be able to receive his funds .
what is to be done :
i want you to know that i have had everything planned
out so that we shall come out successful . i have
contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary
document that will back you up as the next of kin to
colonel sadiq uday , all that is required from you at
this stage is for you to provide me with your full names
and address so that the attorney can commence his job .
after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney
will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure
the necessary approval and letter of probate in your
favor for the move of the funds to an account that will
be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in
the matter as we are going to adopt a legalized
method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary
documents .
please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all
matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been
transferred to your nominated bank account the sharing
ratio is open for negotiation for you . should you be
interested please send me your full names and current
residential address and i will prefers you to reach me
on the email address below ( lsong 64 song @ yahoo . com . hk ) and
finally after that i shall provide you with more details
of this operation .
your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated .
kind regards
mr . li le song
mail sent from webmaster - http : / / www . nolansoft . com