Subject: unleash the animal in her , use a ring .
experience a better life without involving pills !
bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with him !
let me introduce to you something that is fun , exciting and most of
all enjoyablethe vibrating ring ! !
this is what this is about
the vr is the latest craze to sweep the world and people
just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll want
10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasive or
awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size !
so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft ,
ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised ,
v tickler stimulates her externally , hitting the right spot
everytime ! not only will the firm hold make him stay harder for
longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read
about !
dont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today !
and i used to be able to visit all my frens blog ( not tt i ' m kpo or anything ) but now i can only visit certain blogs only . . namely catherine ' s , faizah ' s , xinyi ' s , cindy ' s , phileo ' s and josh ' s . . . i oso can ' t visit the sites i used to frequent in the past . . . . and all this happen juz bcos of the bloody problem wif my com . . . i dun think my mum ' s willing to haf it fixed anytime soon so i still haf to use the damn computer n bear wif it . . . but knowing my short temper , i might juz throw the com outside the window one day . . . . any way that kills saturday , i am getting hungry after all the wife did not let me eat anything before she had to wisk me away to the er . i am thinking no problem i will get some lunch or dinner . . . right . . . wrong . the doc puts me on a clear liquid diet . saturday when i got up not a lot happening , i checked the mail and the missus had a b - day card from my parents . inside was 50 buckaroos , now most would go and spend that money on themselves which is what i expected her to do . nope . . instead she took me out to lunch we had some fun just her and i sitting around talking about nothing in general . time alone is a rare thing . catch you soonnathaniel
