Subject: important ebay message
dear
ebay member ,
-
due to recent account takeovers and unauthorized listings , ebay is
requesting a new account verification procedure . from time to
time , randomly selected accounts ( seller and / or buyer ) are placed
under an advanced updating process based on merchant accounts / bank
relationsand on - file credit cards . ebay may also request in an
email message scanned / faxed copies of one or more photo id ' s . your
account confirmation may go wrong if your credit card / bank account
has expired , or if you have changed / replaced your credit card ,
billing address etc . without letting us know about the change .
your
account is not suspended , but if in 36 hours after you receive
this message your account is not confirmed we reserve the right
to terminate your ebay subscription .
if
you received this notice and you are not an authorized ebay
account holder , please be aware that it is in violation of ebay
policy to represent oneself as an ebay user . such action may also
be in violation of local , national , and / or international law .
ebay
is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related
to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the
intent to commit fraud or theft .
information
will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to
ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the full extent of the
law .
to
confirm your identity with us click the button bellow :
" >
we
apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and
we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this
matter .
respectfully , ebay
inc .
learn
more to protect yourself from spoof ( fake ) e - mails . ebay
sent this e - mail to you because your notification preferences
indicate that you want to receive information about special
events promotions . ebay will request personal data
( password , credit card / bank numbers ) only on our home site , wich
is securely incrypted with sll . if you do not wish to
receive further communications , sign into my ebay by
clicking on the my ebay link found at the top of
the ebay home page and change your notification preferences .
please note that it may take up to 10 days to process your
request . visit our privacy
policy and user
agreement if you have any questions . copyright
2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and
brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and
the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . ebay is located at
2145 hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 .
