Subject: undiscovered toy maker : small world kids inc ( otcbb : swkd )
good
morning ,
tsc would like to introduce to you
our new company
spotlight stock : undiscovered specialty and educational toy maker small world
kids , inc ( otcbb : swkd )
stock
symbol :
swkd
exchange :
otcbb
recent price :
$ 0 . 48 per share
shares
outstanding : approx . 53 million
market cap :
approx . $ 25 . 5 million
website :
http : / / www . smallworldtoys . com
* * * * breaking
news * * * *
may 31 - small world kids , inc .
( otcbb : swkd ) signed a letter of intent to acquire the assets of imagiix ,
an award winning developer and manufacturer of infant , toddler and preschool
toys .
as part
of the transaction , small world kids will acquire the rights to all of imagiix ’ s
well known product lines , patents and trademarks as well as licenses for market
favorites jay jay the jet plane and garfield . full press release : ( http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q / h ? s = swkd . ob )
about the
company :
small world kids , inc . , through it
wholly owned subsidiary , small world toys , develops , manufactures , markets and
distributes high - quality specialty toys and educational products for children .
its sales categories include infant , preschool , early learning , imaginative and
active play , represented by award - winning brand names ryan ' s room ® , gertie
ball ® , iq baby ® , and neurosmith ® . the company also holds rights in the
u . s . for specialty channel distribution
for established , high profile brands , such as tolo ® and little tikes ® . its
products are sold in over 2 , 600 locations - - including educational channels ,
retail chains , internet sites , catalogues and specialty
stores .
investment
highlights :
·
guidance
of 15 % revenue growth for 2005 .
·
reported
ql 2005 revenues of $ 7 . 15 million , compared to ql 2004 revenues of $ 6 . 6
million .
·
fiscal
2004 sales of $ 29 . 5 million , a 13 . 6 % increase over fiscal
2003
·
great
strength in the specialty retail toy market with over 2 , 600 customers throughout
north
america
·
in ql
small world toys signed 6 new international distributors , with two additional
international distributor agreements being finalized in
q 2 .
·
in
september 2004 , small world kids acquired the assets of a top of the line
electronic learning collection , neurosmith , and sales have been
robust .
·
new
product line of sports and active play toys called active edge with strong early
sell - in to retailers
·
expanded
asian manufacturing presence in hong
kong
other recent
news :
april 18 -
small world toys , a wholly owned subsidiary of small world kids , inc . ( otc
bulletin board : swkd ) , today announced a new product line of sports and active
play toys called active edge . with strong early sell - in to retailers , the active
edge and active edge extreme brands significantly broaden the company ' s presence
in the outdoor play category and expand distribution opportunities to sporting
goods retailers , while providing unique products that enable the company to
reach an older demographic .
april 12 - the
honig company , inc . , a leading boutique public relations agency , announced today
its representation of small world kids ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , a leading
manufacturer , marketer and distributor of high - quality children ' s products
through its subsidiary small world toys .
april 11 - small world toys , wholly
owned subsidiary of small world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , today
announced record sell - in of new acquisition neurosmith electronic learning
products into retail . the company has also received orders of neurosmith
products from the uk and
spain due to its recent signing of 6 new
international distributors .
april 6 - small
world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer , marketer
and distributor of high - quality children ' s products through its subsidiary small
world toys , pre - announced record first quarter top - line results for the quarter
ended march 31 , 2005 . sales saw almost double - digit increases when compared to
the first quarter of 2004 , which represented the company ' s previous first
quarter revenue record due to a one - time rebate program . with the signing of six
international distributors , a licensing agreement with world - renown author eric
carle and a strong first quarter , the company reiterated its 2005 guidance of
15 % year - over - year revenue growth
march 31 -
small world kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer ,
marketer and distributor of high - quality children ' s products , through its
subsidiary small world toys ® , today announced the expansion of its chinese
operations , to be led by chinese manufacturing expert rickie
ching .
march 23 -
small world kids , inc . ( otcbb : swkd ) , a leading manufacturer , marketer and
distributor of high - quality children ' s products , through its subsidiary small
world toys ® , today announced the launch of several new summer toy collections ,
including the first in their new line with scholastic ' s " clifford the
dog . "
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
disclaimer
tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas , not
recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is crucial
that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest press
releases . information contained in this report was extracted from current
documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other publicly available
sources deemed reliable . for more information see our disclaimer section , a link
of which can be found on our web site . this document contains statements that
are forward - looking , particularly as related to the business plans of the
company , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
sections 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe
harbor created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the
company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for swkd . the
purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide coverage and
awareness for the company . the information provided in this advertisement is not
intended for distribution to , or use by , any person or entity in any
jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law
or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within
such jurisdiction or country .
© 1998 - 2005 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state
capital is not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we
hold ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and individual
reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or any other means
of transmission are not to be regarded as investment advice and are only for
informative purposes . before making a purchase or sale of any securities
featured on our web site or mentioned in our reports , we strongly encourage and
recommend consultation with a registered securities representative . this is not
to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities .
as with any stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment
risk and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors
are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they
decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past performance of
our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results . the accuracy or
completeness of the information on our web site or within our reports is only as
reliable as the sources they were obtained from . the profile and opinions
expressed herein are expressed as of the date the profile is posted on site and
are subject to change without notice . no investor should assume that reliance on
the views , opinions or recommendations contained herein will produce profitable
results . tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned
herein , and may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web
site or within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the
securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in
it ' s disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in
researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our subscriber
database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web site .
tri - state capital has been compensated four thousand dollars by a
third party for its efforts in presenting the swkd profile and distributing it
to its database of subscribers as well as other services . tri - state
capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary basis in the
open market before , during or after the profiling period of this report . as of
the profile date , no shares have been sold . information presented on our web
site and within our reports contain " forward looking statements " within the
meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are
not statements of historical fact and may be " statements that are forward
looking . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks
and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this
action may be identified through the use of words such as “ expects ’ ” , “ will , ”
“ anticipates , ” “ estimates , “ believes , ” or that by statements indicating certain
actions “ may , ” “ could , ” or “ might ” occur .
the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before
investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities is
speculative and carries a high degree of risk .
we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor
information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission
( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of
securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can
review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has
published information on how to invest carefully at its web site .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
