Subject: dear friend , i need your assistance .
dear friend , i need your assistance .
let me start by introducing myself properly to you . i am barristerfrank
madubueze of frankfrank chambers , my office is located at financial
trust house 7 th floor no : 1 - 4 balogun str lagos . i am principal attorney
to late morris thompson , who is my client , but unfortunately lost his life
in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january
31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter leaving nobody to claim the
money . here is the site for you to visit for your confirmations :
since then i have made several inquiries to locate any of my clients
next of kin or extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful .
after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you since
you are a foreigner , if you will be interested to stand as his extended
relative and co - operate to carry out this transaction , i will use my
position as his principal attorney to proved you as one of his relatives
and the bank will transfer the money left behind by my client to your
account without suspicious .
therefore i need your assistant in rereceiving the money before it get
confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where the funds were
deposited by my late mr . morris thompson . the union bank [ plc ] where the
deceased had an account valued at about ( $ 15 . 5 million u . s dollars ) has
issued me a notice to provide the next of kin / relatives or have the
account confiscated within the twenty - one official working days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years
now . i seek your consent to present you as the relative of the deceased so
that the proceeds of this account number 605 - 258 - 250468 , valued at
( $ 15 . 5 million us dollars ) can be paid into your account and we share the
funds 60 / 40 , for our mutual benefit 60 % for me and 40 % to you .
all i require is your full name , address and your telephone number for
effective communication . your honest co - operation will enable us see this
deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you and i from any breach of law . please
reply via my e - mail
address : frankmadubueze @ katamail . com
best regards .
barrister frank madubueze .
frankfrank chambers
internette ubeniz olsun , dnyann drt bir
yanndan sipariler yasn istermisiniz ?
