Subject: from david
david makume
tel + 27 83 730 5031
atten : ceo .
dear sir / madam ,
you may be surprise to receive this letter from me as you don ' t know me in person , but please take this mail into consideration . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in zimbabwe but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins , my name is david makume from zimbabwe , a country in southern africa . my father mr johnson makume , was a farmer in my country . my father was accused of sympathizing with white farmer against the wish our ruling government ( z . a . n . u . p . f ) and all their allies ( the war veteran ) they killed him . you can verify this from these international newspaper websites .
before he was killed , my father made a deposit with a security company in south africa , and he confided in me that he left some money in a diplomatic trust company in abroad , ( name withheld for security reasons ) . this money was for expansion of his farm business to other parts of southern africa .
all i require from you is to assist me in claiming the fund ( sealed in diplomatic consignment ) from security company and invest in your country . when you claim the fund , i shall come over to your country with my mother and my siblings so that we can start a new life
if you may ask why do i need a foreign assistance or why can ' t i take the cash transfer and myself ? the answer is that there was an exclusion clause in the original agreement between the company and my father which states unambiguously that ' nobody , not even himself , can have access to the consignment in the company , and it has to be transferred to a foreign beneficiary outside africa . this was done because he envisaged danger in the crisis that continued in our country ( zimbabwe ) and this clause were inserted to prevent any seizure or infiltration of the fund .
my decision to contact you is therefore , informed by this and due to my present social status and total ignorance of the business world . i believe you will appreciate the enormity of trust i repose on you by placing the fortunes of our family in your care . permit me to request that you should reassure me that you would not let me down in any way . on my part , this is my assurance and guarantee to you . in as much as you follow my instructions carefully , religiously and promptly my guarantee of a hitch - free success remains unshakable . i have contacted the diplomatic security firm to confirm the deposit , which is worth twenty six million , five hundred thousand united state dollars only , ( $ 26 . 5 m )
you will be given 30 % of the total sum at the end of the transaction . if you will be willing to assist us claim the money and invest it in your country . i want to assure you that all modalities are in place and it is a risk free transaction .
kindly include your full names , private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reach , to enable me send some other important information across to you . this proposal is highly restricted and should be handled as an urgent transaction requiring trust and confidentiality .
please reply to this
sincerely ,
david makume