Subject: + + + prize award notification ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
from : the desk of the promotions manager ,
international promotions / prize award department
att : sir / madam ,
final notice of award notification
we are pleased to inform you of the announcement
today 6 th june . 2005 , of winners of the flash
fortune lotto south africa / international programs ,
held on 26 th feb . 2005 as part of our promotional draws .
participants were selected through a computer ballot
system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of
individuals and companies from africa , america , asia ,
australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new
zealand as part of our electronic business promotions
program . you qualified for the draw as a result of you
visiting various websites we are running the e - business
promotions for . you / your company , attached to ticket number
100 - 309 - 7482 , with serial number 513 - 10 drew the lucky
! numbers 5 , 9 , 12 , 29 , 40 , 59 , 76 , and consequently won
in the second category .
you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay
out of us $ 2 , 950 , 000 . 00 in cash , which is the winning
payout for second category winners . this is from the
total prize money of us $ 14 , 750 , 000 . 00 shared among the
five international winners in the second category .
congratulations !
your fund is now deposited with the solid rock finance
and security company insured in your name . due to the
mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this
award strictly from public notice until your claim has been
processed and your money remitted to your account .
this is part of our security protocol to avoid double
claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this
program .
we hope with a part of your prize , you will
participate in our mid year ( 2006 ) high stakes us $ 1 . 3
billion international lottery .
to begin your claim , please contact your cla ! im agent
immediately ;
mr fred brukes
foreign service manager ,
solid rock finance solid _ rockfinltd @ financier . com
alt : solid _ rockfinltdl @ yahoo . com
for due processing and remittance of your prize money
to a designated account of your choice .
remember , you must contact your claim agent not later
than 18 th june . 2005 . after this date , all funds
will be returned as unclaimed .
note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and
complications , please remember to quote your reference
and batch numbers provided below in every one of your
correspondences with your claims agent .
reference number : fls - zr 39 - 825 p - 4
batch number : 74 - 263 - bbn
congratulations once again from all our staff and
thank you for being part of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
the promotions manager ,
flash fortune lotto south africa .
115 nordix ave . bryanston , 1762
johannesburg , south africa .
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the
winners will result to disqualification . please do not
reply to this mail box . contact your claims agent
through his email
contact
above .