Subject: attn ; ( guenter ) urgent reply
from the desk of :
barrister christian anderson
nigerian bar association
senior advocate of nigeria
plot 51604 , p . m . b 236 lagos - nigeria
email ; info ; barrchriso 6 @ yahoo . co . uk
strictly confidential ,
dear beloved
how are you today ? i hope all is well with you and your family . this
mail may be surprise to you because you did not give me permission
to do so and neither do you know me but before i tell you about my
self i want you to please forgive me for sending the mail without
your permission . i am barrister christian anderson , a solicitor at
law . iam the personal attorney to late engineer david guenter , a native
of your country , who used to work with shell oil development company
in nigeria .
here in after shall be referred to as my client . on the 21 st ofapril
2002 , my client , his wife and their three children were involved in a
car accident along sagbama express road . all occupants of the
vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then i have made
several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients
extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful .
after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to track his
last name over the internet , to locate any member of his family
hence i contacted you . i havecontacted you to assist in repatriating
the money and properties left behind by my client before they get
confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge
deposit were lodged .
particularly , in the gulf bank plc where the deceased has an account
valued at about us $ 17 . 5 million has issued me a mandate to provide
the next - of - kin or have the account confiscated within the 6
weeks . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for
over 3 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of
kin of the deceased to have the same last name so that the proceeds
of this account valued at us $ 17 . 5 million can be paid to you and
then you and i can share the money . 60 % to me and 40 % to you . i have
all necessary legal documents that can be used to backup any claim
we may make .
all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal
through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of thelaw . please
get in touch with me immediately if you are interested and
trustworthy as i do not have much time in mydisposal . pleasereply to
thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation .
best regards ,
barrister christian anderson
nigerian bar association
senior advocate of nigeria