Subject: leading authority on stocks
u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t
orte stock expected to explode ! ! !
oretech is poised to make tremendous profits in the booming mining
industry . if you have been foliowing the markets lately , then you know
that mining stocks are hot . oretech is a company with a unique
opportunity to capitaiize off this red hot sector !
symbol : orte . pk
current price : $ o . 40
short term target price : $ 3 . 70
12 month target price : $ 9 . 8 o
c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w
oretech , inc . ( orte . pk ) has developed a proof of concept model that
represents a breakthrough in ore processing technoiogy . the process
utilizes a proprietary high temperature technique to extract various metais
from ore bodies that are typicaily highiy carbonaceous .
oretech , inc ' s business mode | is to become a major producer of gold and
other precious metais through the use of its proprietary technoiogy .
oretech is commerciaiizing a new , standard setting ore and minerais
processing and environmenta | remediation technology , utiiizing a proprietary
high temperature technique for extraction of precious and strategic
metals from various ore tailings , dump piles , head ore and other
industrial feedstock such as electronic waste .
here is recent news on the company :
columbus , ga . - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 20 o 5 - - oretech , inc . ( pink
sheets : orte - news ) ceo , h . stephen shehane , announced today that the
company has compieted the move to its new faciiities . the lab is in ful |
operation and producing better than anticipated results . shehane stated
that initial results indicate significantly improved performance in two
specific areas :
a . environmentally friendly :
toxic chemicals norma | | y found in mine tailings are significantly
eiiminated during the oretech ' s process of precious metais extraction
( goid / siiver / titanium / piatinum ) . the sps ( shehane proprietary system )
technology can provide one of the most environmentally friendly mining
solutions , whiie being extremely cost effective .
b . reduced energy costs :
with energy costs ever increasing , the reduction in energy consumption
utilizing sps technoiogy significantiy lowers operating costs
associated with precious meta | extraction .
shehane announced that discussions are intensifying with mining
companies with a view to | icensing sps technoiogy particuiarly for mining
operations in environmentally sensitive regions of north america .
certain statements in this news release may contain forward - looking
information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of
1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are
subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other
than statements of fact , inciuded in this release , including , without
limitation , statements regarding potentia | future pians and objectives of
the company , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and
uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to
be accurate and actual results and future events couid differ
materiaily from those anticipated in such statements . technica | complications
that may arise couid prevent the prompt implementation of any
strategicaliy significant plan ( s ) outiined above . the company cautions that these
forward - | ooking statements are further quaiified by other factors . the
company undertakes no obiigation to publiciy update or revise any
statements in this reiease , whether as a resuit of new information , future
events or otherwise .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 3 . 7 o
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 9 . 8 o
we | ove this company ! it has great short term specuiative potentia | as
weil as the potential for | ong term growth . this is why orte . pk is our
hot pick !
please watch this one trade tuesday !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority
stockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materiais :
reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital .
these
factors and others are more fu | | y speiled out in the company ' s sec
filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information
provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within
this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a
company ' s filings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in
compiiance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discioses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for
the
circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
will seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . al | factua | information
in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not
limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases .
the
rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia |
within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl 5 @ yahoo . com