Subject: diamond in the rough equity report
diamant film inc . ( otcbb : diaaf )
the world ' s first plasticizer - free stretch film based on polystyrene
and the
first food wrap film that is environmentally friendly and recyclable .
diamant ( tm ) film has recently received the eco logo certified by the
environmental choice ( m ) program . ( source : news 6 / 3 / 05 )
volume in april : 17 . 4 million shares
current price : . o 31
is this one ready to explode higher ? if you think so , you may want to
act
sooner rather than later . .
reasons to consider diaaf ; ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) digi canada inc . to introduce diamant film to clients - its wholly
owned
subsidiary , diamant film inc . , has shipped sufficient quantities of
diamant ( tm ) stretch film cutter boxes to digi canada inc . in order to
supply
its entire sales and marketing team for presentation to clients
in the food industry . ( source : news 5 / 24 / 05 )
2 ) diamant film inc . receives second of four ordered containers of
diamant
film - it has paid
for and received the second of four ordered containers of diamant ( tm )
film
which comprises
in excess of 8 million feet of our trademark stretch wrap film .
this shipment furthers diamant ' s planned inventory build - up for orders
from
our clients including victory packaging who have agreed to purchase
approximately 135 million feet of diamant ( tm ) film in the first year .
3 ) diamant film inc . provides diamant ( tm ) film to presidential holdings
for
u . s . military clients - through an agreement with diamant film inc . ,
presidential holdings has the exclusive right to sell , market and
distribute
diamant ( tm ) film to the u . s . military .
4 ) diamant art corporation prepares to package first 2 . 4 million feet of
film .
about diaaf : ( source : news 6 / 3 / 05 )
diamant art corporation , through its wholly owned subsidiary diamant
film
inc . , has secured a ten year agreement with diamant plastics
corporation for
the exclusive marketing and distribution rights in the united states ,
canada , mexico and the bahamas to diamant ( tm ) film , a non - pvc food
stretch
film . diamant ( tm ) film is the world ' s first plasticizer - free stretch
film
based on polystyrene and the first food wrap film that is
environmentally
friendly and recyclable . diamant ( tm ) film has recently received the eco
logo
certified by the environmental choice ( m ) program . the environmental
choice ( m ) program is north america ' s leading benchmark of
environmentally
responsible products and services . diamant ( tm ) film has successfully
met the
criteria for both the environmental and performance standards .
please watch this one trade tuesday . these little stocks can surprise in a big
way
sometimes . . . .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within
the meaning of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities
exchange act of
1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect
to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical
fact and may be " forward looking statements .
" forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time
the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties
which could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words
such as
" projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , "
" believes , "
" understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , "
" could , " or " might "
occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional
risk
factors that raise
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . those factors
include , but are not
limited to : a limited operating history , a nominal cash position ,
nominal
revenue in its most recent quarter , an accumulated deficit since its
inception , a negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its
auditor ,
a failure to make maintenance payments on it us patents , management
believes
it will not be able to complete its audited statments which will , if
not
rectified , eventually lead to a delisting of the stock from the
bulletin
board . all of the
assets of the company are pledged as collateral on a note the company
is in
default on . foreclosure could force bankruptcy or liquidation of the
company . the company is going to
need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not
be
able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your
entire
investment . other risks and
uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the
company to
complete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market
conditions , the
general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies ,
competitive
factors , timing , and other risks associated
with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not
represent
that the information contained in this message states all material
facts or
does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must
be understood as information provided
and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured
within
this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed
as
any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies
are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in
this
stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re - gistered
in - vestment
advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s )
of
companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the
favorable
performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to
acheive the
results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that
happening . remember , as always , past performance
is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence
effort , including
a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed
prior to
investing . read the filings now , right now , before you invest . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive sixty thousand dollars from a
third
party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the
circulation
of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting
from
such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and
is
not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in
the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a
negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money .
all
factual information in this report was gathered from public sources ,
including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases .
the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be
reliable
but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of
the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .