Subject: press release > > ( otcbb : swkd ) small world toys ( r ) wins 2005 excellent product award from iparenting media
press release
source : small world kids ,
inc .
small world toys ( r ) wins 2005 excellent product award from
iparenting mediawednesday june 8 , 5 : 00 am et
award strengthens
company ' s appeal with the multibillion grandparent purchasing segment of the toy
market
culver city , calif . , june 8 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - small world
kids , inc . ( otc bulletin board : swkd - news ) , the parent company of
small world toys , a manufacturer , marketer and distributor of established brands
of toys for children , was a winner of iparenting media ' s excellent products of
2005 award program . the awards were for tolo ' s first friends tractor and first
friends trailer set .
iparenting media is a premier media company focused on parents and
grandparents , and reaches them through online , print and radio outlets . the
evaluation process utilized by the iparenting media awards program has attained
iso 9001 : 2000 certification from the international organization for
standardization ( iso ) . iso 9001 : 2000 is an internationally recognized standard
of quality assurance .
" receiving this honor reinforces the value of the entire tolo product line , "
said debra fine , ceo of small world kids , inc . " product quality , design and
performance are , and always will be , our highest priority and we ' re very pleased
that iparenting media has recognized us for this . "
" the iparenting media awards program connects parents and grandparents with
the very best products in the marketplace , " said alvin all , chief executive
officer of iparenting media . these award - winning products exceeded the high
evaluation standards we set . "
" we realize that winning this award strengthens our company appeal with the
grandparent segment of the toy market . this segment represents a 3 billion
dollar buying force . we know that grandparents resist purchasing trendy items
and instead purchase classic toys and products like the tolo brand that we have
distributed for ten years . it is our commitment to distributing only the highest
quality brands that made double digit revenue growth possible in 2004 and will
help us to deliver on our revenue guidance of 15 % for 2005 , " fine concluded .
about small world kids , inc .
small world kids inc . , through its wholly owned subsidiary small world toys ,
develops , manufactures , markets and distributes high - quality specialty toys and
educational products for children . its sales categories include infant ,
preschool , early learning , imaginative and active play , represented by
award - winning brand names ryan ' s room ® , gertie ball ® , iq baby ® , and neurosmith ® .
the company also holds rights in the u . s . for specialty channel distribution for
brands such as little tikes ® and tolo ® . small world toys ' products are sold in
over 2 , 600 locations - - including educational channels , retail chains , internet
sites , catalogues and specialty stores . for more information , please visit www . smallworldtoys . com or call ( 310 )
645 - 9680 .
forward looking statement
this press release may contain forward - looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties , as well as assumptions that , if they prove incorrect , could
cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such
forward - looking statements . all statements other than statements of historical
fact are statements that could be deemed forward - looking statements , including ,
among other things , any projections of earnings , revenues ( including where the
underlying contract has already been signed ) , or other financial items ; any
statements of the plans , strategies , and objectives of management for future
operations ; any statements concerning proposed new products , services , or
developments ; any statements regarding future economic conditions or
performance ; statements of belief and any statement of assumptions underlying
any of the foregoing . the risks , uncertainties and assumptions referred to above
include , among other things , performance of contracts by customers and partners ;
employee management issues ; the timely development , production and acceptance of
products and services and their feature sets ; the challenge of managing asset
levels , including inventory ; the flow of products into third - party distribution
channels ; and the difficulty of keeping expense growth at modest levels while
increasing revenues . these and other risks and factors that could cause events
or our results to differ from those expressed or implied by such forward - looking
statements are described in our most recent annual report on form 10 - k and
quarterly reports on form 10 - q , as well as other subsequent filings with the
securities and exchange commission . we assume no obligation and do not intend to
update these forward - looking statements .
source : small world kids ,
inc .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
