Subject: calottery california ( usa )
calottery california ( usa )
3347 east anaheim sreet long beach ,
california , 90884
tel / fax : 001 801 457 8388
e - mail : calottery _ california @ socialevents . com
http : / / www . calottery . com
congratulations ! ! ! !
from the office of the director international promotion calottery
california united state of america
dear sir / madam ,
results for category " b " draws
congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the
category " b " draws of calottery california usa . we are happy to inform
you that you have emerged a winner under the second category , which is
part of our promotional draws . the draws were held on the 25 th may 2005
by supperlotto and results were officially announced today 9 th june
2005 .
participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from
4 , 000 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from
africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new
zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your email ,
attached to ticket number 4 - 15 - 23 - 26 - 47 - 23 , with drew number # 1893 , and
consequently won in the category " b " . you have therefore been awarded a
lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million united states dollars )
which is the winning payout for category " b " winners . this is from the
total prize of 2 million dollars shared among the 2 international
winners in this category . congratulations ! ! !
your forms has been submitted to our head office . in your best interest
and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request
that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public
notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed ,
and your funds remitted to your account .
this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or
unscrupulous acts by participants / no participants of this program . we
also wish to bring to your notice our mid year ( 2006 ) high stakes where
you stand a chance of winning up to u $ 10 . million , we hope that with a
part of your prize you will participate .
your winning coupon numbers fails to our european processing center
please contact our european processing center immediately , to begin your
claim process ;
mrs patricia or mr juan - phillip
director of operations
legalonline consultancy & security
email : fr . legalonline @ legalonline . com or olineservice @ netscape . net
winner notice
never reply to any email of lottery draws you don ' t know , they pritended
to be us , due call or write to our head office in united state for
confirmation : e - mail : calottery _ california @ socialevents . com or tel / fax
: 001 801 457 8388
for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated
account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not
late than 18 th june 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as
unclaimed and all contact must be via email or through fax or tel - num
from your claim agent .
rosa escutia
director , public relations and communications
calottery california united state .