Subject: best regards
dear friend ,
good day to you . i may have to trouble your sense of personal achievement and
reward for an opportunity properly taken advantage of .
i am mr . michael ramsey , a representative and an attorney to kenneth lay , the
former chairman & ceo , enron corp . industry : energy & natural resources home ,
is presently in jail and facing trial on charges of corruption and
embezzlement of funds while in power . he deposited twenty one million u . s
dollars ( $ 21 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) with me when he was in power as the chairman .
i am contacting you because i want you to deal with the finance house and
claim the money on my behalf since i have declared that the funds belong to my
foreign business partner . you shall also be required to assist me in
investment in your country . i hope to trust you as a god fearing person who
will not sit on this money when you claim it , rather assist me properly ,
shared in these percentages , 60 % to me and 40 % to you . when i receive your
positive response i will let you know where the finance houses his and the
document ' s to lay claims to the funds , which is very important . what i need is
for you to indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the
money on my behalf in europe . for this , you shall be considered to be the
beneficiary to the funds .
the project in brief , is that the funds with which we intend to carry out our
proposed investments in your country , is presently in the custody of a bank in
europe . i do not want the government of my country to know about the money
because they will believe i got the money from the sales of enron stock when
he was the chairman of enron & c . e . o . once i have your details in full , the
finance house will contact you for release of the funds to your account as
soon as payment is effected , and the amount mentioned above is successfully
transferred into your account , i intend to use my own share in acquiring some
estates abroad . for this too you shall also be the overseas manager of all our
properties and you will be paid based on a certain percentage agreed on by
both parties .
i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that
will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me
urgently by e - mail : michaelramseyl 200 @ myway . com
i am presently in london . please , provide me the following :
1 . your full name
2 . your telephone number and fax number
3 . your contact address
best regards ,
michael ramsey .