Subject: tsunami disaster . ( read ) .
mr chau joseph .
the center ,
99 , queen ' s road central , central ,
hong kong .
e - mail : jos _ chau @ yahoo . com . hk
dear friend ,
good day to you .
i am mr . joseph chau of investment banking , union bank of china . on july 6 ,
2004 , our client mr . irvin poot , a businessman , made a numbered fixed deposit
for 6 ( six ) calendar months , with a value of us $ 20 . 5 m only in my branch . upon
maturity several notice was sent to him and no response came from him . another
notification was sent early march and still no response came from him . the
bank officially sent two - man delegate to his residence in malaysia were he
reside only to find out that the business mogul and his family perished in the
tsunami disaster .
after further investigations , it was also discovered that mr . irvin poot did
not declare any next of kin in his official papers , including the paper work
of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he visited my
office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty
million , five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank
and no one will ever come forward to claim it .
according to the laws of my country , at the expiration of one year ( 1 year )
the funds will revert to the ownership of hong kong government if nobody
applies to claim the funds .
i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to mr . irvin poot
to enable you receive the funds . lets put heads together to see how we can
transfer these funds out of hong kong and use it judiciously .
i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that
will back you up as the next of kin to mr . irvin poot , all that is require
from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and
address including your direct phone and fax numbers for my attorney to
commence his job .
my attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the
necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the funds to be
move to an account that will be provided by you .
we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the
necessary documents and no risk involve .
note that sharing percentage is negotiable by the two parties . contact me on
this email address with your full names , address , fax and telephone number
jos _ chau @ yahoo . com . hk if you are interested and more details will be provided
to you about the project .
sincerely ,
chau joseph .