Subject: re : sterling stock watch
smallcap biotech report
stem cell cryogenics stem cell
investing in emerging biotech stocks
: : company spotlight : : .
bio - matrix scientific group inc .
driving $ 75 billion dollar a year biotechnology and medical device
industries is the demand for new products that improve patient
safety , decrease healthcare cost , and most importantly enhance human
life .
symbol : bmxp
trading price : $ 0 . 94
about bio - matrix scientific group inc . :
bio - matrix scientific group inc . is a san diego based development
stage company in the business of medical devices and monitoring
systems research , development and commercialization . bio - matrix
scientific group inc . is aligning itself with partners that offer key
technologies in biomedical device development , tissue engineering ,
cell culturing , genome therapy and drug delivery systems . its polymer
coating on medical devices will ensure that cell transference is done
with minimal damage to cells . this should lead to better yields in
stem cell extraction , along with better outcomes for patients in
tissue management procedures .
recent news : a spokesperson for the company said that its
board of directors plans to spin - off 6 , 035 , 501 shares of the common
stock of frezer , inc . , a wholly owned
subsidiary of bio - matrix scientific group , to bmxp shareholders of
record as of may 31 , 2005 .
this represents one share of frezer , inc . for every one share of
bio - matrix scientific group inc . ( pink sheets : bmxp ) owned post
reverse split .
" ground floor " company enters production phase
bio - matrix scientific group inc . , announced that collective
technologies will manufacture bio - matrix ' s first set of stem cell
devices . the company anticipates having this set of instruments
sometime within the next two weeks . bmxp also recently finalized
applications for 3 new devices .
this is the first step towards full production of these devices . this
first set of devices will be used for its 510 ( k ) testing , trade shows
and presentations to physicians and researchers . " collective
technologies enables us to manufacture products in the most efficient
and cost - effective way possible , " noted brian pockett , managing
director and coo of bio - matrix scientific . " we have been impressed by
collective technologies ' quality record , responsiveness and
flexibility - all of which are critical to our production
objectives . " bio - matrix sees this event as nearing a point at which
the company " green - lights " full production of its stem cell and
tissue management instruments .
" real deal " management
philip watts , ph . d . , the company ' s director of research and
development , highly recognized in his field .
james l . lambert , ph . d . , as its bio - instrument scientific advisor .
dr . lambert specializes in the development of next generation
bio - instrumentation for use in medical research . dr . lambert has been
with the jet propulsion laboratory for 17 years , and for the last
five years he has served as the technical group supervisor of the
intelligent instrument and systems technology group . dr . lambert
leads a multidisciplinary group whose members have advanced degrees
in chemistry , biology , electrical engineering , and computer science .
the charter of the group is to develop advanced in situ instruments
and sensors for nasa and other agencies .
geoffrey o ' neill , ph . d . president of the company . dr . o ' neill most
recently served as director of stem cell laboratories and scientific
research for cryo - cell international inc . ( otc : ccel ) . cryo - cell
international represents themselves as the world ' s largest u - cord
stem cell banking firm . " the appointment of dr . o ' neill as president
of bio - matrix scientific group inc . signals our company ' s aggressive
growth plans in stem cell research devices , biomedical devices and
the continued growth in the development of our stem cell cryogenic
banks , " said brian pockett , managing director and coo of bio - matrix
scientific
product development
stem cell cryogenics
instrumentation for stem cell research and tissue
management
non - invasive bio - systems monitoring and measuring devices
niche medical device instrumentation
the company has recently filed a provisional patent application with
the u . s . patent office . it anticipates numerous utility patents will
result from this filing .
investment prosective :
bio - matrix has a four pronged revenue strategy each with a different
trajectory and different inflection points .
the company is spreading its risk over different operating segments
with varying investment requirement and levels of risk .
larger companies in the medical device industry are aggressive and
smaller companies are always takeover targets .
potential of bmxp :
the market size of the segments it has chosen to operate in is huge .
the tissue management instruments market size alone is $ 860 million .
a provisional patent application has already been filed and more are
in the pipeline .
important disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward
looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the
securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act
of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with
respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking
statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " ,
" expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will " ,
" anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions
" may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within
this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment advice .
emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek
advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none
of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . in compliance with section 1 we have been
compensated thirty thousand dollars for the dissemination of this
profile . . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of
these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive
statements have been made regarding the above company .