Subject: contact me
attn ;
sir ,
good day , i know you ' ll receive this proposal with a total surprise and some kind of scepticism , based on the fact that we never had any prior discussion to this matter nor have we seen or known ourselves before , nevertheless i would like you to treat this proposal as a matter of its urgency and accord it every necessary attention required . i got your contact in cause of a serious search for a reliable person of foriegn origin who could help us .
i ' m mr addonis johnson , son of late mr . solomon johnson , the former director general of sierra leonian ( diamond mining ) procurement agency , who died some years ago when the revolutionary united front rebels attacked makeni town , sierra leone . following the cease fire agreement reached last year with the help of united nation peace keeping troops ( unasil ) , i used the oppoturnity to leave the country with a very important document containing ( us $ 5 . 500 . 000 ) five million five hundred u . s dollars deposited by my late father in a bank in dakar , senegal in my name as the next of kin .
this money was realised from diamond export , now i and my brother are seeking asylum in the senegal under ( unhcr ) . my main reason for contacting you is that i received an information from the bank warning that i should make haste to dislodge the money or i loose it to my home government investigations on ex - governmental officials accounts . they advised i should present an individual , organisation or company as the beneficiary to the account since the money cannot be released to me as a client considering my status here as a refugee . all the accounting information are with me right here in senegal .
for your assistance and cooperation we have decided to give you 10 % of the total sum realised after the sucessful transfer of this money to your account for our investments in your country . please kindly communicate your acceptance of this proposal through this email address so that we can discuss the modalities of seeing this transaction through ,
we count greatly on you for assistance . awaiting to hear from you soon .
thanks .
yours sincerely
adonis johnson .