Subject: legal way to increase your income . security sign : ya - 1816
the home based business for anyone with a strong desire !
would you rather have
financial independence or time freedom ?
how about both ?
everyday people living extraordinary lives their very first year !
your success will be achieved with personal mentoring by a group of
individuals that have already achieved a multiple six - figure income . the
system that is in place works perfectly . if you are not satisfied with
unfairly low salary and ready to earn much more , you have come to the right
place . anyone that is coachable and trainable will succeed . this opportunity
requires no personal selling or explaining . here are just a few of your
benefits .
- -
1 . your freedom
2 . your financial independence
3 . unparalleled training and support
4 . more time with your family
5 . total time flexibility
6 . work at your own place
7 . your security
8 . your earnings determined by you
9 . no one giving you orders
10 . no commutes
11 . no more making others rich
12 . no boss looking over your shoulder
- -
earnings potential
this has the potential of being a six to seven - figure opportunity that is
designed for anyone to operate . you can make $ 1 , 000 per sale and have add - on
sales that bring $ 5 , 000 and $ 8 , 000 , with no additional work . ordinary
people become extraordinary in a matter of weeks !
fast cash more personal time
unlike " traditional " businesses such as franchises costing $ 50 , 000 to
$ 500 , 000 with unstable income and requiring work levels of 60 - 80 hours a
week , this business has the potential of generating results quickly . you
will be provided the names of many successful leaders that will gladly share
their expertise so that you can be successful . you will not be relying on
just one individual - our entire team is dedicated to your success .
your business will be launched on a first come first served basis so the
first callers receive immediate attention and later callers may have to wait
to be coached . for those who are ready to start today you will be shown how
to potentially make money this week ! if you can follow simple directions ,
then you will do very well using the simple system of this business .
unparalleled training
why depend on just one person for your training ? with our team you will be
coached and individually assisted by a whole team of experts . there are
trainers who have had six figure months ! and so can you ! they will gladly
share with you their secrets .
the reason anyone can be successful is because of the system .
you will receive unparalleled training and support . it is worth repeating
here . the system was designed from the ground up to be able to allow anyone
to learn the business . all you need is the drive and a stick - to - it attitude .
everything else is in place .
frequently asked questions
q : is this m l m ( multi - level marketing ) ?
a : no it is not . m l m is a great concept but it lacks a system that
provides individual support . also , realistically it takes 1 - 5 years to
achieve huge success in an m l m . our system is designed for you to achieve
success in a shorter period - almost from the first week of working your
business .
q : do i have to talk to people in this business ?
a : yes , you have to talk to people but only simple conversation skills are
required . we do no telling , selling , or explaining of any product , nor do we
try to convince anyone to buy our products .
q : are there other costs involved in running this business ?
a : no . anyone who tells you that it does take money to build a business is
lying to you . this is a business that generates a substantial income and
does not require initial investments .
q : on a scale of 1 - 10 what is the difficulty level of running this
business ?
a : with 10 being the most difficult and 1 being the simplest , out of all
the businesses , i would say for most everyone , it will be a 1 if they are
coachable and trainable and follow our simple system .
the system for your success
your action = your success !
winners take action !
winners make decisions and take action . . .
when they see an opportunity . they also follow the examples of other
successful people because it ' s much more efficient than learning the hard
way . winners don ' t make excuses and they never procrastinate . losers will
procrastinate or study a problem endlessly to make sure they don ' t do
anything " rash " . you can either decide to leave my ad without responding or
you can call now and get started immediately in one of the most exciting
businesses available today .
lame excuse # 1
" i ' m not sure i want to invest my money to start a business when i have
seen some that i can start for free . "
if you want a ' job ' with startup costs , you ' re on the wrong place .
lame excuse # 2
" i don ' t have enough time to operate & promote a home business . "
do you have 15 - 25 hours a week to obtain the lifestyle you deserve ?
countless people from all walks of life , regardless of education or
background , are running successful businesses from home setting their own
hours and making fortunes by following a simple marketing system that allows
financial , personal , and time freedom to live the life they deserve .
lame excuse # 3
" i ' ve tried other businesses that sound similar to this , so i don ' t think i
am going to call . "
colonel sanders tried to sell the idea of kentucky fried chicken 1700 times
before someone bought into the idea . what if he had thought the same as you
and given up after the 10 th time , or worse , given up on the 1699 th try .
persistence and belief in yourself is the key to success .
the lessons learned from past failures increase your chance for success the
next time . walking away from this opportunity is giving up , plain and
simple . successful people never quit or give up on themselves ! !
" the true definition of insanity is doing the same things and expecting
different results . "
a c t n o w !
this business requires a small time commitment for making mega wealth .
here , you can make the money and actually have the time to spend it !
your steps to success :
1 . fill the form
2 . send it to us
3 . follow our step by step instructions
please fill it and send it to : support @ m - pays . com
1 . your full name :
2 . present address ( street ) :
3 . city :
4 . state :
5 . zip / postal :
6 . country :
7 . email :
8 . age :
9 . employment desired ( full - time or part - time ) :
10 . have you any accounts with banks ?
if yes , please mention the name of the bank .
a few words about yourself :
all emails should be directed to : antonyhessener @ max - pays . net
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
best wishes
antony hessener
max - pays . personnel manager
antonyhessener @ max - pays . net
digi - sign : 3443
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
ps . for of all sad words of tongue or pen , the saddest are these , " it might
have been . "
john greenleaf whittier ( 1807 - 1892 )
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /