Subject: from mary koko
humbly request for your kind assistance ( please ) .
alternative email address : ( koko _ mary 3 @ yahoo . com )
dear sir ,
it will be a surprise to you receiving this letter today , though we have
not met or transact business before . i got your contact via internet , and then i decided to request for your kind assistance to me as a foreign partner for this transaction , which is
going to profit both of us . meanwhile , i would like to introduce myself before
moving more further , i am mary koko khumalo the daughter of dr . koko khumalo . i
will be 21 years by november this year .
my father dr . koko khumalo deals with gold and diamond and was the chief
accountant of a gold mining industry in kimberly - south africa before he
past away some few months ago . knowing fully well that south africa being
a country rich in gold and diamond , my late father who was rich and
famous before he past away entrusted me as his only daughter . he told
me on his bed side in hospital with confidence where he
deposited a huge amount of money with a finance institution in europe and for save keeping , and which all the relevant documents was handed over to me by him to go - ahead and transfer this money out of the financial instutution for investment .
the total amount of us $ 7 . 2 million dollars was lodged into a financal institutionin a europe by my late father . i decided to contact you as a foreign partner that will assist me transfer this money into your personal or companies account pending my arrival in your company . i have decide to compensate / give you 15 % of the total amount for your assistance , which you are going to render in this transaction . you should bear in mind that this business isl 00 % risk free to both parties but should be treate confidential
to avoid any diversion during its process .
i would like you to contact me on my email immediately you receive this
mail but security agency in south africa monitoring all international
call . please get back to me through email , so we will discuss the whole
process for the transferring of the money , this will take 7 ( seven ) working
days from the day i get your reply . i don ' t want you to betray the confidence
i have in you although we never met each other before .
best regards ,
mary