Subject: reality television auditions
realitytvauditions is currently searching for candidates to audition for existing and newly created reality television shows , game shows and movie roles .
we are auditioning the next series of contestants for such reality series as the amazing race , the apprentice , survivor , american idol , fear factor , and many more . we are also auditioning for game shows such as who wants to be a millionaire , wheel of fortune , jeopardy , etc .
if auditioning for these or many other programs is of interest to you please visit our website at http : / / www . realitytvauditions . tv for details and to view the complete list of available reality television shows , dating shows , talent shows and game shows .
television networks , television production studios and major motion picture studios are constantly searching for people from all walks of life to participate in their programs individuals , couples , families and teams . in some cases we require beautiful and talented individuals . in most cases , however , we need to audition and cast everyday normal americans who have a strong desire to be reality tv or game show contestants .
if youre interested in being a reality tv or game show contestant were interested in auditioning and possibly casting you for available roles .
if you have any questions please e - mail us at info @ realitytvauditions . tv
sincerely ,
simone j . lett
vice president , auditions casting services
realitytvauditions
website : http : / / www . realitytvauditions . tv
email : info @ realitytvauditions . tv
this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information .
quantum international
5985 s . university dr . # 138
davie , florida 33328
to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with rem in the subject line .
