Subject: blessings to you and your family
compliments ,
i hope that this mail will not be an embarrassment to you .
you have been recommended by an associate from our foreign trade council
who assured me in confidence of your trustworthiness and faith in god .
as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i
believe everyone will die someday
i am mrs . maria al - qadhi , a merchant in kuwait ; i am married to sheikh
salem al - qadhi who worked with kuwait embassy in dubai for eight years
before he died in the year 2002 .
we were married for eleven years without a child . since his death i
decided not to re - marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home .
i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer , which has defiled all forms
of medical treatment . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i
never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business .
with all my wealth , i was never generous and was always hostile to people
and only focusing on my business .
but now i regret all this , as i now know that there is more to life than
just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when
god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a
different way from how i have lived it . i have willed and given almost of
my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well
as a few close friends .
i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul and so i have decided
to give also to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the
last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some
charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia .
presently , my health has deteriorated so badly , that i can no longer do
this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my
accounts and distribute the money , which i have there to charity
organization in bulgaria and pakistan ; they refused and kept the money to
themselves .
hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contented with
what i have left for them .
the last of my money , which no one knows of , is the cash deposit of twelve
million united states dollars ( us $ 12 , 000 , 000 . 000 ) deposited with a
finance / security company abroad .
since i have since lost my ability to talk and my doctors have told me
that i might not be able to survive this illness from all indications , it
is my last wish to see this money distributed to victims of hiv / aids ,
charity organizations , orphans and needy widows in your country .
my relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth since my
illness and i cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge
responsibility to them .
bearing in mind that your assistance is needed in this regard , i propose a
commission of 10 % of the above sum to you for this purpose .
i will not be able to use the telephone communication in this regard
because of my soundless voice and the presence of my husband ' s relatives
around me always .
as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the
finance / security company and also issue you a letter of authority to take
over the deposit and disburse it accordingly on my behalf .
please assure me that you will act as i stated herein .
kindly send your reply enclosing your contact and email address to my
private email address of mariaalqadhi @ volja . net , for confidentiality .
mrs . maria al - qadhi
mariaalqadhi @ volja . net