Subject: you will be favoured to claim this inheritance
dear client ,
i am barrister mike adaeze , a lawyer in the federal republic of nigeria . i am the personal attorney to late mr . g . mckee who was a government agent in transferring of money secretly for federal government officials ; he was also a merchant on petroleum products and solid minerals .
this client of mine , his wife and their only child died in an auto crash on their way to badagry beach here in nigeria on a weekend 23 rd september 2001 . before his death on the 23 rd september 2001 , my client deposited the sum of ( usd $ 15 million cash ) with a security and finance company , hoping to transfer it to his country as soon as he is on vacation . since his death i have made several enquiries to locate any of my late client ' s relative but this has proved unsuccessful .
after these several unsuccessful attempts , i have decided to trace a trust worthy foreigner over the internet who can claim this money left behind by my client as a " next of kin " before it gets confiscated by the security company where it was deposited hence i cannot claim it myself .
the security and finance company where the money was deposited has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the deposit confiscated within the next few official working days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating any real relative of my late client , i beg you to claim this money since you are a foreigner . this ( 15 million dollars ) will be handed over to you and then both of us will share the money .
i will get the necessary legal documents that will be used to back up your claim as all i require is your honest cooperation morally , and financially to enable us see that this deal went through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate time arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law .
please get in touch with me by email with your telephone and fax numbers , your full house address and your date of birth to enable us discuss further or you call me on my mobile - line 234 - 80 - 38478990 . your email reply should go to mike _ adaeze @ hotmail . comi am waiting for your immediate response .
best regards , barr . mike adaeze ( esq ) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - encuentra tu casa r?pida y c?modamente . miles de viviendas te est?n esperando en http : / / www . portae . com