Subject: consolation prize winner notice
powerball inter lotto . bv
powerball lotto - wheel e - game 2005 ,
date : 23 - 06 - 2005
ref nr : pbl / cn / 6654 / cp
dear consolation prize winner ,
re : consolation prize winner notice
the powerball inter lotto bv , netherlands ; international lotto e - games
organizers and sponsors , officially notify you of the final draw result
of the powerball lotto - wheel e - game draw held on 25 th may 2005 . all
draws where conducted at our international corporate office complex in
the netherlands .
we wish to congratulate you on the selection of your email coupon
number which was selected among the 45 lucky consolation prize winners .
your email id identified with coupon no . pbl 2348974321 and was selected
by electronic random selection system ( erss ) with entries from the
50 , 000 different email addresses enrolled for the lotto - wheel e - game .
your email id included among the 50 , 000 different email addresses where
submitted by our partner international email provider companies .
you have won a consolation cash prize of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred
thousand us dollars only ) . the powerball inter lotto bv , have approved
the payout of your consolation cash prize which will be remunerated
directly to you by the official
payment agency board upon your preferred option .
our due process unit ( dpu ) will render to you complete assistance and
provide additional information and processes for the claims of your
consultation prize . for more information on claim of your prize , please
contact the dpu information officer
name : mr . frank dikkens
e - mail : frankdikkens @ atmail . com
tel : 0031 - 621 - 987 - 260
fax : 0031 - 847 - 300 - 537
congratulations once again from all our staffs on your consolation
prize winning , we hope you will partake in our forth coming powerball
lotto - wheel email - games .
regards ,
mrs . juliet matthew ,
( lottery coordinator )
nb : in accordance with the powerball lotto - wheel e - games policy and
regulations , this notification is dispatched directly to only the 45
lucky consolation prize winners . this notification also contains
information that is proprietary , privileged or confidential or
otherwise legally exempt from disclosure . if you are not the right
recipient whose email address attached to the lucky numbers along with
the winning information ’ s you are not authorized to read , print ,
retain , copy or disseminate this notice or any part of it .
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /