Subject: goodday sir / ma , estate transaction , please can you handle this for me ?
urgent reply needed
from :
mr jude okoro ,
wema bank plc ,
54 , wema tower building ,
marina , lagos ,
nigeria .
email : j _ wbplc 4 @ yahoo . com . au
dear sir / madam ,
this is strictly a private business proposal to you by the grace of
god .
i am jude okoro , the manager , bills and exchange at the foreign
remittance department of the wema bank plc .
i am writing this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to
carry out this business opportunity in my department .
we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million
united states dollars only ) in an account that belongs to one of our
foreign customers who died along with his entire family of a wife and
two children in november 1997 in an accident .
since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next - of - kin to
come over and put claims for his money as the heir , because we cannot
release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as
the next - of - kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .
unfortunately , neither their family member nor distant relative has
ever appeared to claim the said fund .
my department have agreed to make business with you and release the
total amount into your account as the heir of the fund since no one
came for it or discovered he maintained account with our bank ,
otherwise the fund will be returned to the banks treasury as unclaimed
fund .
we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus ; 30 %
for you as foreign partner , 60 % for us the officials in my department
and 10 % will be air - marked for all expenses incurred during the course
of the business .
upon the successful completion of this transfer , i and one of my
colleagues will come to your country and mind our share . it is from our
60 % we intend to invest in your country as a way of recycling the
fund .
to commence this transaction , we require you to immediately indicate
your interest by a return e - mail and enclose your private contact
telephone number , fax number full name and address and your designated
bank coordinates to enable us file letter of claim to the appropriate
departments for necessary approvals before the transfer can be made .
note also , this transaction must be kept strictly confidential because
of it ' s nature .
i look forward to receiving your prompt response .
regards ,
mr jude okoro ,
wema bank plc ,
54 , wema tower building ,
marina , lagos ,
nigeria .
nb .
please reply to with your country ' s dialling
telephone code and telephone number included .