Subject: be a player in the sto - ck game
pop 3 media corp ( popt )
a company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major
media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , publishing
and technology companies .
current price : 0 . o 25
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the
companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation will
acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholly owned subsidiary , viastar
distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revoiutionary new music company ,
controversial entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of
stock and cash , when completed , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s sharehoiders with a
33 % stake in the new company .
roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los
angeies and wil | change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment
corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and
execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek shareholder
approva | immediately thereafter .
pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this aliiance wiil ailow pop 3 to
achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
create whiie embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers
access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . "
roxxy ' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives
drawn from the major | abels and aiso includes a staff of in - house
producers who are among the most infiuential talents in the music industry
today .
" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labels that
cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - mi | | ion
selling recordings , but who consistentiy release aibums which se | |
hundreds of thousands of records to a | arge and loyal fan base ; artists
that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 mi | | ion per titie , "
stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .
" additionaily , the acquisition of vdg wiil provide us with the abiiity
to distribute our own product directly to retai | to over 22 , 0 oo retail
location in north america , effectiveiy doubling the company ' s net
profit margins and aliowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
artists . "
mr . shebanow conciuded , " while there are sma | | er | abels that do provide
a home for these acts , they | ack either the wil | or financial resources
to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have
on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great
producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
customer that controversia | entertainment wil | possess . "
about pop 3 media corp :
pop 3 media corp . is engaged in deveiopment , production and distribution
of entertainment - related media for fiim , television , music and
pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfolio currentiy inciudes ownership of
viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures
internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and
viastar classica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk
corporation .
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go popt .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doilars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mai | - ings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in
the sub ject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com