Subject: your collaboration is required .
from : mr . philli chavez .
subject : your collaboration is required .
sir ,
i am mr . phillip chavez an auditing / accounting officer
with the international bank of afrique de louest ( biao )
abidjan cote d ' ivore .
do not be surprise to receive this proposal from me as i
have the confidebnce that you can be capable of taking
advantage of this good opportunity with me .
i wish to inform you that i discovered abandoned funds in
our bank totaling usd 11 . 5 million dollars which our bank
is trying to reconvert into its own treasury if nobody
comes forward for the claim of the fund .
according to the existing laws guiding this bank any
amount that is left unclaimed for certain period of time
should be reclaimed by the bank as unclaimed fund .
this fund has been here and unclaimed for many years .
however , upon further investigation i discoverred that the
fund belonged to one of our customers of german origin who
died with all his family in an air crash and so far no
person has presented himself / herself as next of kin of
the late account owner . inorder to prevent this fund from
been reclaimed by the bank here as unclaimed fund i have
contacted you so that we can join hands together and move
this fund out of this country to your personal or company
bank account for investment overseas .
i have decided to share the fund with you as follows after
you receive thie fund in your account : - 30 % goes to you
for your active assistance and maximum cooperation to
receive this fund in your account . 5 % shall be set asside
to offset any expences that may be incured here and at
your side during the transfer of the fund to your account
while the remaining 55 % of the fund shall be retained by
me .
i wish to assure you that i have made all the useful
arrangement to have the fund approved in your name by the
bank authority as the next of kin of the late account
owner as soon as you contacted the bank for the claim of
the fund . there is no risk involved in this transaction .
all you need to do is to indicate your interest to share
this opportunity with me with sincere heart . i have all the
required information of the late account owner which the
bank will require for approval of the fund in your favor .
as soon as i receive your mail confirming your interest to
collaborate with me in this great opportunity i will send
the officially acceptable text of claim application as
next of kin to you which you will complete and send back
to the bank as the next of kin of the late account holder .
please , you must not disclose this to anybody and you
must not at any point in time let the bank know that iam
the one that supplied you all the information of the late
account owner .
i am anxiously waiting for your favorable response .
i advise you to reply me through this my most private
email address : phillipc _ 2 @ yahoo . ca
thank you .
mr . phillip chavez .