Subject: ( otc : egty ) another energy play for this week
corporate headquarters
energy and asset
technology
otc : egty
address :
115 e boca raton rd . ste d
boca raton , fl 33432
phone : 561 - 620 - 4949
email :
info @ fastforestsinc . com
quick facts
ticker symbol : egty
egty . pkchart :
1 yr -
3 mo -
5 dy
last
0 . 25
change
- 0 . 01
open
0 . 25
day high
0 . 25
day low
0 . 22
vol
2400
last
updated 6 / 24 / 2005 at 3 : 58 pm
data delayed 15 minutes
senior management
george mcmillan , pres .
disclaimer :
this release may contain statements that
constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the
securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would ,
will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and
similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify
forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such
forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s
ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from
those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various
factors . the information contained in an otc live profile is provided as
an information service only . otc live has been compensated eight
thousand dollars by a third party for services rendered . the accuracy
or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as
reliable as the sources from which it was obtained .
created by otc live , inc . 2005
new york , ny
www . otclive . com
company description
energy and asset technology , inc .
( otc : egty ) is aventure capital groupwith an overarching vision to
combine environmentally responsible business practices and products
with exciting and profitable ventures in order to both increase
shareholder value and to be responsible citizens of the global
business community . the company ' s interests currently include timber
forests assets , furniture production , and development funds .
the company is already
on strong financial footing . based on current
resources and agreements , egty projects revenues of $ 140 million
with an approximate profit margin of 40 % for each 9 - year cycle !
market opportunity investment highlights
global cedar : on june 1 ,
energy and asset technology announced the acquisition of tumlit
pine furniture along with plans to continue to operate their new
subsidiary under the name global cedar . they currently manufacture
over 110 furniture products . first year revenues are expected to
total approximately $ 6 million , andthe company is convinced that
it is possible for the annual
revenues to exceed $ 60 million in the next three to four years .
panpacific development funds .
ltd . : energy and asset technology presently owns a
controlling interest in panpacific development funds , ltd . , a
registered pooled development fund ( pdf ) . pdfs offer a number of
significant tax concessions to investors as dividends are exempt
from income tax and dividend withholding tax , and capital gains
are also exempt from capital gains tax .
during the four years culminating in 2003 ,
pdfs had returned an investment gain of $ 95 million on an initial
investment of $ 107 million ! ! !
fluxstar : under an
exclusive agreement , egty plans to manufacture and market a simple
magnetic device that enhances the efficiency of ac and dc motors .
it is anticipated that the fluxstar magnetic source of power will
provide an alternative source of energy and power for homes around
the world . the objective of this
technology is to eventually eliminate utility bills for the end
user .
global cedar : in
addition to manufacturing furniture , the company intends to sell
and distribute its proprietary product , the global cedar tree , in
order to foster the growth of plantations that provide timber for
construction , furniture building , wood pulp , and other products .
the tree grows well in a variety of climactic conditions , and the
plantlets contain no contaminants and are subject to no known
import / export restrictions . therefore , the marketability ofthis
product is extremely high .
the global cedar treeis the result of 14
years of research and genetic technology development . it
is the fastest growing hardwood tree on the planet , capable of
achieving growth levels of 30 - 35 feet in its first year alone !
after just the first year , the tree can be harvested and will
re - grow from the stump , providing multiple harvests for years . the
timber produced is excellent for fine furniture and other uses for
which the wood of fast growing soft woods is unsuitable . the
potential benefits of the tree are legion , from positive effects
on the ozone and a buffer against rainforest depletion , as world
demand for wood products continues to outpace world supply .
recent news events
6 / 9 / 05
-
energy and asset technology inc . aims to preserve earth ' s
resources
6 / 7 / 05 -
energy and asset technology , inc . dramatically increases
revenues by accelerating forest timber growth
6 / 1 / 05 -
new million - dollar revenues push growth of energy and asset
technology , inc .
5 / 18 / 05 -
persistent profit machine : timber . energy and asset technology ,
inc .
5 / 16 / 05 -
the amazing pooled development fund : energy and asset
technology , inc .
subscribe
|
updateprofile
|
unsubscribe
