Subject: tko notice compromised accounts inquiries @ untroubled . org
ebay registration suspension
alert
dear ebay member ,
in an effort to protect your ebay account security , we have suspended your account until such time that it can be
safely restored to you . we have taken this action because your password may have been compromised . sometimes this
happens when members respond to an email asking for personal information . although those emails appear to come from
ebay , they are really sent by people attempting to gain access to your account . although we cannot disclose our
investigative procedures that led to this conclusion , please know that we took this action in order to maintain the
safety of your account .
please change the password that you use on the email account that you have registered to your ebay account . make
sure that it is also different from the password that you use on your ebay account . by doing this we can ensure that
you are the only one that can access any further communication we may have with you .
once you have taken steps to secure your email , please contact our live help team for assistance restoring access
to your account . you can reach the account theft live help team by clicking the button below :
programs that block pop - up windows may prevent you from accessing live help . if this is the case , you may be able
to temporarily disable the program or configure the program to allow pop - ups on the ebay site in order to use live
help . additionally , live help may not work with some web browsers . if you continue to experience difficulties , you may
be able to use live help by updating your browser to the most recent version or by using a different program to access
the ebay site .
note : some members have reported attempts to gain access to their personal information through
emails that are made to appear as having come from ebay and say that your account has been or will be suspended . these
solicitations will often contain links to web pages that will request that you sign - in and submit information . at ebay ,
we identify these as spoofed emails or web sites . please review information about protecting your account
and reporting this type of email .
regards ,
safeharbor department
ebay inc .
