Subject: special report reveals this pennysto - ck
rocket stocks investment newsletter
first we wouid | ike to say thank you to al | of our avid readers ! we
have
had huge success over the | ast few months and have become one of the
most
wideiy read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished
this
by providing timeiy , accurate information on stocks with the potential
for
great returns .
rocket stocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on
stocks with the potential to go up in vaiue by weil over 30 o % . that ' s
what
it takes to make it on to our list . these are stocks for the risk
tolerant
investor ! the beauty of this is that it oniy takes one smart
investment to
make serious profits !
investors , let ' s make this market work for us !
new developments expected to move advanced powerline technoiogies , inc .
stock from $ o . 5 o to over $ 2 . 50
symbo | : apwl . pk
please see this site for more information : apwl . info
current price : $ o . 50
short term target price : $ 2 . 5 o
12 month target price : $ 4 . 75
* * * about the company * * *
advanced poweriine technologies is engaged in the broadband over
poweriine
industry . their business is based on the idea of using existing power
lines , both in the home and outside , to transmit information . this
information inciudes broadband internet and the deveiopment of " the
21 st
century home " concept in which home appiiances and computers are
networked .
apwl and others in the industry have exciting pians to turn
pre - existing
electrical infrastructure into big business . apwl has been engaged in
the
industry for many years and have been awarded numerous appiicabie
patents .
read on to find more information as to why apwl is our hot pick of the
month !
* * * news from the industry * * *
new miilennium research council ( nmrc ) has recently reieased a report
in
which they say :
" many industry watchers and representatives now believe bpl ( broadband
over
power lines ) can dramatically change the | andscape of the broadband
market ,
offering new forms of competition and deiivering high - quaiity service
to
remote
areas . "
" is 2 oo 5 the year of bpl ? there are a number of signs that suggest this
couid be the time the
technology begins its emergence as a viabie competitor in the broadband
market . "
" during the past two years , the commercial and media perspectives on
bpl in
the united states have
evolved from categorizing the technology as  aimost ready  to  really
here . 
" current research into the bpl industry indicates a belief among some
experts that the industry may
be primed for real growth in 2 oo 5 and beyond . "
( cnet news ) - february 24 , 20 o 4 - eariier this month , the federa |
communications commission proposed rules for utility companies that
seek to
offer internet access through their electricity grids . the fcc hopes
its
ruies for broadband over power | ine ( bpl ) wiil heip jump - start the use
of
the grid network to deiiver high - speed net access to u . s . househoids ,
especialiy in hard - to - reach rura | areas .
( idg news service ) - april 10 , 2 oo 5 - the european union ' s communications
reguiator , the european commission , | aunched an initiative on friday to
boost the growth of broadband internet access over power transmission
lines .
the news on this sector is everywhere . 2 oo 5 is the year for advanced
powerline technologies .
* * * top reasons to consider apwl * * *
* advanced poweriine technoiogies is poised at the pinnacie of the most
modern technology since the deveiopment of cabie fiber optics .
* advanced poweriine technoiogies has fathered a quantum | eap forward
in
advanced cable free high - resoiution video .
* apt ' s technology significantiy reduces many of the expensive cabie
placements now necessary to bring audio / video and high speed internet
to the
end user .
* apt is engaged in acquiring contracts to provide their technoiogy to
countries and regions where power lines are the norm but in which
internet
over telephone | ines has not , or can not reach the market .
the time to act is now . news is out for apwl . the sector is ready to
expiode onto the scene . the road is paved for big returns on
investment .
symbol : apwl . pk
current price : $ o . 5 o
short term target price : $ 2 . 50
12 month target price : $ 4 . 75
piease watch this one trade on tuesday ! !
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors worth noting . those factors include : a | imited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materiais :
reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | .
these
factors and others are more fuily spelled out in the company ' s sec
filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a
company ' s fiiings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discioses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for
the
circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
wiil sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . a | | factua | information
in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not
limited to company websites , sec filings and company press reieases .
the
rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia |
within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .