Subject: dearly beloved in christ
dearly beloved in christ ,
please send all emails to : project 4 dneedy @ yahoo . co . in
it is by the grace of god that i received christ , having known the
truth , i had no choice than to do what is lawful and right in the
sight
of god for eternal life and in the sight of man for witness of god ´ s
mercy and glory upon my life .
i am mrs melissa pointer the wife of mr harry pointer , my husband
worked with the chevron / texaco in kenya for twenty years before he
died
in the year 2001 . we were married for ten years without a child .
my husband died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days .
before his death we were both born again christians .
since his death i decided not to re - marry or get a child outside my
matrimonial home which the bible is against . when my late husband was
alive he deposited the sum of us $ 3 . 5 m . ( three million five hundred
thousand u . s . dollars ) with a bank in europe .
presently , this money is still with the bank and the management just
wrote me as the beneficiary to come forward to sign for the release of
this money or rather issue a letter of authorization to somebody to
receive it on my behalf if i can not come over .
presently , i ' m in a hospital in kenya where i have been undergoing
treatment for esophageal cancer . i have since lost my ability to talk
and my doctors have told me that i have only a few weeks to live . it
is
my last wish to see this money distributed to charity organizations
any
where in the world .
because relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth
since
my illness , i cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge
responsibility to any of them . please , i beg you in the name of god to
help me stand and collect the funds from the bank .
i want a person that is god fearing that will use this money to fund
churches , orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to
ensure that the house of god is maintained .
the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth .
i took this decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit
this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i don ' t
want
my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers . i don ' t
want
a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner .
hence the reason for taking this bold decision . i am not afraid of
death hence i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in
the bosom of the lord .
exodus 14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold
my peace . i don ' t need any telephone communication in this regard
because of my soundless voice and presence of my husband ' s relatives
around me always . i don ' t want them to know about this development .
with
god all things are possible .
as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of
attorney who is in europe as he will be the one to assist you in
laying
claims for this funds .
please send all emails to : project 4 dneedy @ yahoo . co . in
yours in christ ,
melissa pointer .