Subject: diamond in the rough equity report
rocket stocks investment newsletter
first we would like to say thank you to all of our avid readers ! we
have
had huge success over the last few months and have become one of the
most
widely read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished
this
by providing timely , accurate information on stocks with the potential
for
great returns .
rocket stocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on
stocks with the potential to go up in value by well over 300 % . that ' s
what
it takes to make it on to our list . these are stocks for the risk
tolerant
investor ! the beauty of this is that it only takes one smart
investment to
make serious profits !
investors , let ' s make this market work for us ! !
new developments expected to move advanced powerline technologies , inc .
stock from $ 0 . 50 to over $ 2 . 50
symbol : apwl . pk
please see this site for more information : apwl . info
current price : $ 0 . 50
short term target price : $ 2 . 50
12 month target price : $ 4 . 75
* * * about the company * * *
advanced powerline technologies is engaged in the broadband over
powerline
industry . their business is based on the idea of using existing power
lines , both in the home and outside , to transmit information . this
information includes broadband internet and the development of " the
21 st
century home " concept in which home appliances and computers are
networked .
apwl and others in the industry have exciting plans to turn
pre - existing
electrical infrastructure into big business . apwl has been engaged in
the
industry for many years and have been awarded numerous applicable
patents .
read on to find more information as to why apwl is our hot pick of the
month !
* * * news from the industry * * *
new millennium research council ( nmrc ) has recently released a report
in
which they say :
" many industry watchers and representatives now believe bpl ( broadband
over
power lines ) can dramatically change the landscape of the broadband
market ,
offering new forms of competition and delivering high - quality service
to
remote
areas . "
" is 2005 the year of bpl ? there are a number of signs that suggest this
could be the time the
technology begins its emergence as a viable competitor in the broadband
market . "
" during the past two years , the commercial and media perspectives on
bpl in
the united states have
evolved from categorizing the technology as  almost ready ¶ to  really
here . ¶
" current research into the bpl industry indicates a belief among some
experts that the industry may
be primed for real growth in 2005 and beyond . "
( cnet news ) - february 24 , 2004 - earlier this month , the federal
communications commission proposed rules for utility companies that
seek to
offer internet access through their electricity grids . the fcc hopes
its
rules for broadband over power line ( bpl ) will help jump - start the use
of
the grid network to deliver high - speed net access to u . s . households ,
especially in hard - to - reach rural areas .
( idg news service ) - april 10 , 2005 - the european union ' s communications
regulator , the european commission , launched an initiative on friday to
boost the growth of broadband internet access over power transmission
lines .
the news on this sector is everywhere . 2005 is the year for advanced
powerline technologies .
* * * top reasons to consider apwl * * *
* advanced powerline technologies is poised at the pinnacle of the most
modern technology since the development of cable fiber optics .
* advanced powerline technologies has fathered a quantum leap forward
in
advanced cable free high - resolution video .
* apt ' s technology significantly reduces many of the expensive cable
placements now necessary to bring audio / video and high speed internet
to the
end user .
* apt is engaged in acquiring contracts to provide their technology to
countries and regions where power lines are the norm but in which
internet
over telephone lines has not , or can not reach the market .
the time to act is now . news is out for apwl . the sector is ready to
explode onto the scene . the road is paved for big returns on
investment .
symbol : ( apwl . pk )
current price : $ 0 . 50
short term target price : $ 2 . 50
12 month target price : $ 4 . 75
please watch this one trade on tuesday !
we look forward to helping all of our readers make the market work for them .
if you would like to continue receiving this valuable newsletter just sign here :
stock - tip . info
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materials :
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital .
these
factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec
filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a
company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for
the
circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information
in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not
limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases .
the
rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .