Subject: take it to the bank stox reports
* * * * watch this one july 7 - 14 as we know many of you like momentum * * * *
crystal graphite corporation
symbol : cytgf
ticker : cytgf
price : $ 0 . 23
7 - day target : $ 1 . 50
we are going to profile a stock that is very much undervalued and has
just started trading . ground floor opportunity for everybody .
crystal graphite corporation : b . c . construction boom driving force
in increased canada pumice sales
vancouver , british columbia - - ( business wire ) - - - -
crystal graphite corporation ( " cgc " )
( cnq : cytg ) ( otcbb : cytgf - news ) announces canada pumice corporation
( " cpc " ) sales have increased 44 . 3 % compared to this period last year .
significant interest in the construction aggregate , tephralite ( tm )
along with the horticulture , landscape and retail bagged products
is contributing to the increasing new business and growth . the british
columbia construction boom is the driving force in the interest in
canada pumice construction aggregate with several tender quotes for large
projects in western canada which includes quoting the largest construction
job to date .
reasons to look at crystal graphite corporation :
letter of intent in place for a barite property in ne . bc .
( negotiating mineral property agreement ) letter of intent for a magnetite
property in bc . ( discussions continue with chinese interests ) . cgc marketing
other grades for graphite it doesn ' t produce including bzw ' s . cgc ,
working with ' tdm ' ( usa ) , is successfully producing fuel cell bi - polar plates
for fuel cell and the battery industry .
phase 1 capital expansion of graphite mill completed , resulting in :
increased productivity , higher quality carbon content and elimination of moisture .
cgc successfully increased fine graphite grade from 95 . 8 % to 98 . 3 % which now
qualifies it as battery grade which triples its value . cgc successfully
developed an inexpensive system to micronize large flake graphite into
fuel cell grade ( 74 % of product increase to 85 % ) .
cgc prepared 43 - 101 document for tsx ( canada ) listing .
* * our last pick was cdgt at $ 1 . 95 and now its $ 4 . 88 and still climbing
* * * don ' t say we didn ' t tell you
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , "
" estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .