Subject: assist me please
kevin edward manda
johannesburg refugee camp
south africa .
dear sir ,
i know you will be surprised to receive this letter from me , but please this
letter is a request from a family in dare need of assistance . i kevin edward
manda jnr from south africa the first , and only son of brigadier kevin manda
communicating to you from , johannesburg refugee camp south africa .
i got your name and address from a business desk in chamber of commerce
and industry in south africa . and i on behalf of my widowed mother
mrs . aminat manda , decided to solicit for your assistance to transfer
the sum of us $ 35 . 2
million ! ( thirty five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars
only ) inherited from my late father into your personal or company ' s account .
before his death he was a brigadier in charger of arms and ammunition
procurement of the angolan army .
in his ' will ' he specifically drew my attention tous $ 35 . 2 million ! ( thirty
five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) which he
deposited in a box for private security company in south africa act quote !
my beloved son , i wish to draw your attention tous $ 35 . 2 million ! ( thirty
five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . i deposited
the box containing the fund in a security company in south africa as
valuables .
during the war i was very dedicated and committed to winning
the war against the rebel unit . i found out that the senior army officers
and government functionaries were busy helping themselves with government
fund and properties sending them to foreign countries . due to this ,
when i and the former special adviser to the president were assigned by the
president (
eduardo santos ) to purchase arms in russia , we saw this as a golden
opportunity and diverted the
money and shared it , of which i got a total sum of s $ 35 . 2 million !
( thirty five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . in
case of my absence and on earth as a result of death , only you should
solicit for the assistance of a reliable and sincere foreign partner to
assist you transfer this money out of south africa for investment purpose .
i deposited the box in your name and you can claim it alone
with deposit code . your mother is with all the documents . take good care
of mother and your two sisters . do not disappoint me ! bye ! > from this word
of my late father , you will understand that lives and future of my
family depend on this fund as such .
i will be grateful if you can assist us . we are now living
in south africa refugee camp as political asylum seekers ; financial laws and
regulation of south africa do not permit us certain financial right .
in view of this , i cannot invest this fund in south africa hence ; i am
seeking your assistance to transfer this fund out of south africa for invest
purposes . for your effort , we are prepared to offer you 25 % of the
total fund whilel 0 % will be set aside for any expenses incurred during this
transaction .
please , note that this transaction is 100 % risk free and the major demand
from you is to assure me the safety of this money when it finally gets to
you . further information and arrangement will commence as soon
as trust , confidence and good relationship is established . i shall be most
grateful if you maintain the confidentiality of this matter . to avoid public
awareness for too many hands spoils the soup .
note . you are expected to come over here in south africa so that we can get
things finalized and then i will accompany you to the security company where
the fund is deposited for you to sign the authority letter in the office
of the security company then the director of the company will handover the
consignment to you .
i want to inform you that the security company where my late father kept
this consignment doesn ' t know the real content in the consignment so i will
not like them to know anything about it , what i really want from you is to
stand as my foreign partner and claim the consignment on behalf of my family .
as soon as we claim this consignment , we will open the box and begin
to transfer the money bit by bit in any reputable bank here in south africa
and this shall be under your supervision , after which you can authorize the
bank here in
south africa to transfer the total money into your personal or companies
account in any part of the world you may deem fit .
we are going to write an agreement for both party as soon as
we meet in south africa to agree on the term and condition we are
going to follow for the actualization of this transaction .
please , confirm your interest immediately by sending me your private
telephone and fax number for communication .
yours sincerely
kevin edward manda