Subject: play small - caps for big gains
inside breaking news for investors
china world trade corp .
symbol : cwtd
ready to run
is this one ready to explode higher move ?
how will it react to this news being released ?
good luck and succesful trading . .
cwtd news cominig stock is ready to rock company has already
facilitated the money it need ' s to continue it ' s rapid growth
current price 2 . 49
projection 5 to 7 days $ 5 . 00
projection 8 to 12 days $ 8 . 00
week of july 11 - 21 is breakout week
- cwtd - china world trade corp .
see company president john hui interview with cnn asia
also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company
growth completed .
tianhe , guangzhou , china , / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china world
trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) , announced today
that the ceo clubs china limited ( " ceo clubs " ) , a subsidiary of cwtc ,
signed a strategic alliance agreement with the foundation for
globalization cooperation ( ' ' fgc ' ' ) . under the agreement , ceo
clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting sponsors
under certain conditions for the world culture diversification
forum and the third global cooperation forum , which will be held
in november 2005 , in hangzhou , china .
china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of " new generation "
southern china ' s largest travel company .
chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of
cwtd and continuing his record for success . - cwtd - is here to stay .
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , "
" estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .