Subject: treat as urgent please . from ibra balah .
good day ,
you may be surprised to received this letter from me because you do not know me in person , i am mr ibra balah , the first and only son of late dr funtai balah , who was murdered in the on going sudan crisis in darfur region , i decided to contact you . before the death of my father , he had deposit the sum of us $ 7 , 200 , 000 ( seven million two hundred thousand us dollars ) , in a private security and finance company .
this amount was meant for the purchase of chemicals and tractors for the development of our new farms in darfur area zone . unatics in the society lot of people have been killed because of this war crisis , demanded an end to chronic economic marginalization and sought power - sharing within the arab - ruled sudanese state . which my father is one of them . you can hook up to cnn or bbc news every day for what is happening in the country , if you are in doubt , internet view for more details . it is against this backdrop that my family and i who are currently in dakar senegal decided to transfer our fathers money to any foreign account since the senegal law prohibits refugees ( asylum seekers ) to operate any type of bank account or to be involved in any huge financial transaction .
as the eldest child of my father , i am seeking for a genuine foreign partner who can help us transfer this money in to his or her oversea account . on the other hand , as a honest person whom i will entrust my future and that of my entire family in his or her hands , i must let you know that this business is completely 100 % risk - free .
as we cannot accept to venture into any dangerous deal with our fortune , if you therefore accept to assist us , which i know that you will . please i will like you to contact me through the receipt of this mail urgently . feel free to ask all questions you deem necessary .
for you assistance , we have proposed two options for you . 1 ) you may go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country . 2 ) if you do not prefer a partnership , i am willing to give you 10 % of the sum while the remaining 80 % will be my family prior for investment in your country , while the remaining 10 % will be used to defray all the expenses that may incur during the process of this transaction . you are therefore required of absolute confidentiality of this matter . god bless you .
yours truly ,
mr ibra balah .