Subject: a stox newsletter that actually asks you to make the decisons
hot shot stock alert - - internet ipo ! ! ! ! ! ! tuesday 07 / 12 / 05 . .
exciting issue pgcn get in now ! ! !
( otc ticker : pgcn )
this was $ 1 . 75 7 trading days ago , don ' t say we didn ' t tell you so
current price $ 3 . 00
5 - day target : $ 6
10 - day target : $ 13
3 - month target : $ 28 or higher
! ! ! ! ! ! press release ! ! ! ! press release ! ! ! ! ! press release ! ! ! ! !
pingchuan signed market research consignment agreement with moscow sing sing
co . ltd
harbin , china , june / xinhua - prnewswire / - - pingchuan pharmaceutical inc .
( otc bulletin board : pgcn - news ; " pingchuan " ) announced today that
pingchuan signed a market research consignment agreement with moscow sing
sing co . ltd ( " sing sing " ) .
advertisement
according to the agreement , sing sing authorized pingchuan as its exclusive
partner to conduct market researches for business projects in p . r . china
( exclude hong kong , macao and taiwan ) . pingchuan promises to accomplish
commercial market researches and deliver business plans for sing sing within
the valid period of the agreement . the co - operation with sing sing , will
bring in revenue of usd 200 , 000 for pingchuan .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * here is another good reason to look at pgcn * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
pingchuan pharmaceutical inc . ( " pingchuan " ) is a modernized
pharmaceutical manufacturer with first - class medical r & d ability , pioneered
medicine products , and well - established marketing network . since its
establishment , pingchuan has focused its businesses on diabetes medicine and
its medical products . the products of pingchuan include health care
products , varieties of medicine , as well as medical apparatus . kang da
glycosuria capsule is a successful product of pingchuan for treating
diabetes , which was first developed in 1998 and introduced to the market in
2001 . pingchuan has well - established marketing network and sale branches ,
which include about 180 , 000 retail pharmacies / drugstores across china ,
agency network in major cities like beijing , shanghai , guangzhou , and xi ' an ,
special counter sale at drug chain stores in key regions , residence
community clinic sale and promotion , as well as internet marketing through
the company ' s website . the marketing network of pingchuan covers more than
50 % districts of china and exports to us , japan , russia , and south - eastern
asia .
sick of hedge funds and flippers getting all the great new issues ? most
stock brokers give out their new issues to their largest commission paying
clients - and if you trade through an online broker or discount
broker - good luck ever getting 1 share of a new issue .
well all that is changing - - this is an online internet ipo . if you are
receiving this email , you are among the first public investors to know about
pgcn ! ! ! !
remember the gains from our recent strong buy recommendations . . .
it is only a matter of time before it is released out into the investment
community and they take it to the moon . .
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , "
" estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .