Subject: from : mrs . noye ibekwe
from : mrs . noye ibekwe
dear friend ,
i greet you in the name of our lord . my
name is mrs . noye ibekwe . i am a widow and a mother of two all girls . i know
you will see my letter to you as an embarrassment considering the fact that
we do not know ourselves . i plead with you to be patient with me i feel very
pleased to contact you for some assistance and business relationship .
i live in nigeria with my children . my late husband was a loving , caring and
hard working businessman who died unfortunately in a ghastly auto
crash . beforethe sudden death of my beloved husband , and father of my
daughters , my late husband intended to establisha business in the japan
asia with the sum of $ 25 million united states dollars , but unfortunately he
died before this proposed venture .
following his death , his family members insisted that i am not entitled to
his property ( assets and money ) since i am a woman and my offspring ' s all
girls as i do not have a male child for my husband . well , according to some
barbaric traditional laws here in nigeria ( africa )
which doesn ' t permit a woman to inherit a man ' s property , as they are
expected by tradition to take over the management of his business and other
properties including myself who automatically becomes a wife to one of his
immediate brothers . unfortunately to this wicked family members , the $ 25
million united states dollars which my late husband intended to use in
establishing a business in the japan ( asia ) was deposited in unknown bank
here in nigeria which his family did not know about it .
. i and my late husband lawyer is the only one aware of this money , so i have
discussed this matter with the bank mnager that i want this money
personally so that i will be able to take care of my children ' s educational
needs since my husband ' s family members vehemently opposed the furtherance
of their education .
according to the manager of the bank , he told me that the best way to
secure this money is to transfer this money out side nigeria for
safe - keeping , later it will be used for business establishment subject to
the advise of whosoever finally assists us .
at this juncture , i therefore ask for your sincere assistance in providing us
with your details and the enablement to facilitate there mittance of this
fund .
you have to present yourself as my late husband business partiner all the
documents that back up this fund will be given to you .
as soon as i get your positive response , i shall provide you with all the
necessary detail . however , i have decided to to give you 30 % of the total
money as a reward for your sincere assistance and 10 % will be map out incase
of any expenses the remaining 60 % of the money will be for my investment as
i will want to keep aglow my late husbands dream of investing in real
estate .
to be able to help me , kindly send through my email , your personal details
including yourcontact informations for easy communication .
my two major reason of contacting you are :
1 ) i need and honest person into this deal
2 ) i need someone who will be capble to handle this money and also who will
assist me finacerly to make sure that this fund move out of this country to
your own account in your country according to bank manager he made me to
understand that this transcation may need some money for important
documents to make everything legally and i do not have money i am only
maneging myself with my two duaghters here so if you see yourself honest and
capeble to do the deal reply me immedaitley
thanking you for your anticipated response .
mrs . noye ibekwe