Subject: urgent message
dearest one ,
i am madam . adele mbonjo , the former manager of the
central african republic ' s former president ange felix
patassé . i ' m presently in house arrest here in bangui
the state capital , after the military ' s putch . i found
your address in the commercial directory we have in
our chamber of commerce .
first of all , i ' m very sorry for the way i get in
touch with you for such a matter . but because of poor
or un - reliable communication technology and the
confidentiality of this business , are the reasons that
prompted me to do so . i would like to have a
partnership with you , in order to invest a sum of
thirty five million usd ( 35 , 000 , 000 usd ) in profitable
sectors in your country , as long as you are interested
in my offer .
i got this money from cash donations by foreign
contractors i ' ve granted many contracts in my
department . as a close aide to the former president , i
couldn ' t use our banking system to transfer such an
amount without a trace . this could cause me a serious
problem . even presently , the new president has
decided to freeze all the abroad banking accounts of
all those who were close to mr . patassé . we are placed
under security close watch while my travelling papers
are seized .
during my tenure in government , i used the government
decoy system to carry out this money abroad where know
one know about in packaged box . i will inform you as
soon as we progress for future claims due to the
instability in politics here presently . the security
holding company are not aware of the contents hence i
coded it as gold bar / personal effect .
so i ' m now without any source of income . the situation
above has lead me to ask for your co - operation for the
claiming out of the security holding company for
further safe - keeping of these funds , for solid and
reliable projects of investment . i respectfully
suggest a gift of 20 % of this sum for your help and
your efforts . i mean usd $ 7 , 000 , 000 million . i rely on
you as a respectful and honest person to take care of
this transaction with sincerity , confidence and
confidentiality .
i ' ve decided to look for a confidential co - operation
with you in this business , despite the fact that we ' ve
never met . i hope you will keep this as a great
confidential business because of the nature of this
transaction . i will make sure you take possession of
the funds , by providing a process without
difficulties .
i would like to hear from you on receipt of this mail ,
by showing me your good will and possibilities , so
that i can give you more details . this matter requires
a particular attention and an absolute confidentiality
from you .
i will be expecting your response to this mail ,
whatever the decision you come up with , let me know
through this my private email
yours sincerely ,
madam . adele mbonjo
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /