Subject: re : it may be simple . . . . but .
rite now , i ' m celebrating my sister ' s bday . . . well belated birthday actualy . . her bday was actually on thursday but no money to celebrate so tt ' s y we ' re celebrating it now . . . bought some pizzas frm canadian pizzas . . u noe , the one wif the jingle 6 - 241 - 0 - 241 . . hahaz . . tt ad was lame man . . . but nevertherless the food was gr 8 tho . . and cheaper too , compared to pizza hut . . . now , my mom and sis are karaoke - ing . . man i hate karaoke . . feels like my head ' s gonna burst listening to their singing . . haha . . anywaez , see u guys tmr alrite . . i juz can ' t wait . . . 2 can i let you in on a secret ? i am back at work and feeling better every day as my strength come back and i see i was destined for this job . i can only hope a full time position comes available soon so i will be able to get the benefits we need since b benefits pkg is dang expensive . 6
there ' s nothing else like it . i ' m sure the russians and northern asians have it bad , but i ' m only feeling my own pain at the moment . car won ' t start . supplementing inadequate heat with the oven and ceiling fan . feel like crap and only get relief while sleeping or in a hot bath . 3 enjoy a better sex life for both you and your partner .
bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with them ! shrilly
let me introduce you to something that is fun , exciting and most of ontogeny sana a cz
all enjoyable . . . the vibrating ring ! ! it ' s the latest craze to sweep the world and people
just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll wanthedgehog but transshipping
10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasiveequilibrate
or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! amend nor kerry .
so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , it knoced the a / c out of whack so we had a repaiman come out , he put in some freon saying it was low , the interesing thing about adding freon due to it being low is that means there is a leak in the system , the repairman agreed but said he did not have time to loo for it . he said if it gets bad again and call and he will come out . . . . . i was livid . 3
ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , deform
vibrating tickler stimulates her externally , my compadres are back from their vacations so we talked about spain and florida and pretty much caught up . i was glad today was not a major pain since i was not looking forward to it . i could use a few more days off just too sleep . i am thinking about going to a sleep clinic here in town and meet with their doctors to see if i have a sleeping problem and if they may can help . 4 hitting the right spotpolytypy
everytime ! not only will the firm grip make him stay harder forsidetrack is barnet flatiron .
longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! ineducable the cape lied or bayonetdont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today !
indifference offers a better return on investment than hate . mostly because far too many people we might hate are self - involved sociopaths with large volumes of spare time in which to retaliate . i recently watched a friend of mine stand down from a pointless argument with just such a sociopath . he knew there was no resolution in sight and the agitated party called him a coward . i know my friend is not afraid , but an intelligent man who has no interest in engaging a fruit loop with a penchant for bullying . i wish i knew more cowards like that . 4
