Subject: need more energy , more money ? free sample ! !
need energy now ? need more money ?
request your free sample today ! !
hi friend ,
i would like to offer you a free sample of our awesome energy drink . if it
makes you feel the same way that it does for me , then i know you will be
very happy . this product is not only awesome to take , it could be worth
millions of dollars to you ! !
our product has no real competition ! ! the closest competition is " red
bull " , and our energy drink is more powerful that " red bull " , or any other
similar supplements currently on the market . last year over 2 billion cans
of " red bull " were sold . why ? ? because people want energy , and they want it
now ! !
when i personally tried our energy drink , i noticed it gave me a mild ,
pleasant , increase in energy for about 6 hours , and a sense of well being
that i enjoyed throughout the day .
talk is cheap , please do yourself a favor and request your free sample
right now , and see for yourself what everyone is raving about ! ! each sample
comes in a factory sealed package for your protection .
if you like your energy drink sample , and i know you will , you can become a
preffered customer , and buy at wholesale . or if you ' re interested in
becoming a distributor and building a strong second income , you will find
that our solid 8 year old , debt free company , can meet all your health and
financial needs .
free sample : if you would like to request more information and get your
free sample and learn more about our product and business opportunity , just
visit this opt - in link : http : / / www . free - energy - drink . info / rotar . html
business : my sponsor is already earning over $ 700 , 000 . 00 per year with this
great company . i plan to do the same . we can build our business by simply
handing out sample packs and letting this great product sell itself ! !
your partners in success ! !
brandt - jeffrey - tina
_ _
this email is sent in compliance with the federal law s . 877 ( can - spam act
of 2003 ) .
this message is not spam !
partners for success never send unsolicited emails . we have been given the
right to market to you through our web site partners adds and privacy
policies . specifically , you are receiving this correspondence because you
have provided permission ( via your registration and acceptance of the
privacy policies for a newsletter 4 , contest , web - based services or other
activity on the web ) .
if you feel that you have received this email in error or would like to opt
out of reveiving future offers please fallow the remove instructions below .
please click noenergydrink @ yahoo . com , then type remove in the subject line
and click " send " , and you will be permanently removed from any future
mailings . . . and we wish you the best of success in whatever you choose to do
in life . thank you for your time .