Subject: special request
from : mr . cheung pui
hang seng bank ltd
sai wan ho branch
171 shaukiwan road
hong kong .
let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . cheung
pui director of operations
of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan - ho branch . i have
an obscured business
suggestion for you . one of our clients / personal
friend , late mr . morris thompson
an american who was a private business man
unfortunately lost his life in the plane
crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on
january 31 st 2000 , including
his wife and only daughter . you can read more about
the crash on visiting these site
below ,
before the plane crash , mr . morris thompson made a
numbered fixed deposit for
18 calendar months with a value of us $ 24 , 500 , 000 . 00
( twenty four million , five
hundred thousand united state dollars ) in my branch .
upon maturity several notice
was sent to him , another notification was sent and
still no response came from him .
we later found out that mr . morris thompson and his
family had been killed in that
plane crash . after further investigation it was also
discovered that mr . morris
thompson ? s next of kin is his daughter who died with
him .
what bothers me most is that according to the laws of
my country at the expiration 4 years the funds will
revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if
nobody applies to claim the funds . against this
backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you
as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to mr .
morris thompson so that you will be able to receive
these funds for both of us .
what is to be done :
want you to know that i have had everything planned
out so that we shall come out successfully . i have
contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary
document that will back you up as the next of kin to
mr . morris thompson , all that is required from you at
this stage is for you to provide me with your full
names and address so that the attorney can commence
his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the
attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf
and secure the necessary approval and letter of
probate in your favor for the movement of the funds to
an account that will be provided by you .
this process is 100 % risk free as we have set out all
the modalities to see that
a legalized method is used because the attorney will
prepare all the necessary documents .
please note that utmost secrecy and confidentiality is
required at all times during this
transaction . once the funds have been transferred to
your nominated bank account we
shall share in the ratio of 70 % for me , 25 % for you
and 5 % set aside for any incidental
expenses incurred during this transaction . if you are
not interested , please delete this
letter so that i can scout for another competent
partner to conclude this transaction .
should you be interested please send me your full
names , telephone / fax number , and email
address . i will prefer that you reach me via this
email address
( cheungpui 9000 @ netscape . net )
your earliest response to this letter will be
appreciated .
kind regards ,
mr . cheung pui .
tel / fax : 852 - 301 - 61206