Subject: congratulation ! ! !
software international
lottery stake nl
van lenndersstraat 250
3107 ar grunde
den haag - the netherland
sir / madam ,
you are a winner ! ! . we are delighted to notify you
that you are one of the lucky winners in the
distinctive result of the software lottery program
which was held on 15 th july 2005 . your e - mail
address was selected by computer generated method and
attached to ticket number : 9874300 with serial
number 00923 / 78 which drew lucky numbers :
32 - 68 - 17 - 20 - 43 - 8 - 11 and won in the 2 nd division . in
this regard , you are to receive a prize sum of
1 , 200 , 000 . 00 euros ( one million two hundred thousand
euros ) .
please you are advised to keep your winning
information undisclosed till you make claim of your
prize money .
it is a part of our security caution to avert
impersonation and abuse of this program by
unscrupulous individuals .
all winners were selected by a computer ballot system
pulled from over 80 , 000 companies and 40 , 000 , 000
individual e - mail addresses world wide . please be
informed that anyone who has access to your
e - mail password could claim your prize . the security
of your winning information is your own
responsibility .
congratulations ! ! !
your funds is now in custody of a financial security
company insured in your file reference . this lottery
program was promoted by our group of philanthropist
headed by the netherlands government . we hope with a
part of your prize , you will participate in our end
of year high stakes euro 25 , 000 , 000 million
international lottery programme . to begin your claim ,
please contact your claim agent :
david briggs { claim agent }
prudent security
phone : + 31626660160
email : prudentsecbv @ netscape . net
please be informed that non residence of the
ntherlands will be required to make a non deductable
advance payment for processing and legal documentation
charges of ( ? 869 . 10 cent ) eight hundred and sixty nine
euroten cent , to enable our legal department acquire
notarisation papers from the court prior to award
payment policy as required by the paying financial security
company . please be aware that your paying authority
will effect payment swiftly upon satisfactory report ,
verifications and validation provided by our
processing agent , that would be designated to your file . for due
processing and remittance of your winning prize to
your designated account of choice . remember all prize money must be
claimed not later than 12 th august 2005 . after this date ,
all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and
complications , please remember to quote your reference
and batch numbers in all correspondences . furthermore , should
there be any change of address do inform us as soon as
possible .
once more congratulations ! ! from our members of staff
and thank you for being part of our promotionalprogram .
note : any one under the age of 18 yrs is automatically
disqualified .
best wishes ,
sonia quay
{ loterij co - ordinator }
check - out go . com
go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb !
http : / / mail . go . com