Subject: our system removes all market guesswork
immediate hot pick
symbol : geecf
buy now - geecf up every day last week .
mon : . 80 up . 10 , volume 294 , 626
tue : . 92 up . 12 , volume 976 , 907
wed : 1 . 05 up . 13 , volume 1 , 597 , 910
thu : 1 . 20 up . 15 , volume 3 , 301 , 569
fri : 1 . 38 up . 18 , volume 1 , 717 , 625
strong buy recommendation : geecf otc . bb
global environmental energy corp .
7 day target : 6 . 00
look for huge news to follow - up last week ' s blockbuster
announcement : geecf enters alliance agreement on 70 , 000 barrel
per day oil refinery . 25 million barrels of oil will be refined
annually representing cash flow of 1 . 5 billion per year .
the former president of opec , humberto calderon berti , has come
on board to run geecf 100 % owned oil division , sahara petroleum .
he is considered the most powerful figure in the international
oil industry .
berti has been involved , and is still involved today in the
exploration and production of the world ' s largest oil discoveries .
he is also president and ceo of geecf ' s partner , vetra oil group .
perhaps the most significant factor is the bottom - line dollars
commanded by berti for his involvement in oil exploration and
production projects . you can be assured that each project yields
a minimum of 10 to 20 billion annually for berti to participate .
look at the pieces of the puzzle coming together . it is clearly
obvious that the former opec president has orchestrated a monster
of a deal involving an oil - rich property jointly owned by sahara
( geecf ) and vetra oil . although no one is talking , in the last 90
days geecf brings in berti , who brings in vetra oil ( whose clients
are the world ' s largest oil super - majors ) , followed by the entry
of a developer and refinery . even though no specific oil deal has
been disclosed , geecf just revealed that they will " refine a large
portion of its own oil at the new refinery . "
fact : billions in oil revenue for geecf with only 35 million shares
outstanding could easily translate into 5 or 10 dollars net per
share earnings , designating geecf as a hot , mid - tier oil player
with nyse qualifications .
if this were the whole story , it would be more than ample reason to
rate geecf as our hottest pick of the year . however , in addition ,
there is a geecf subsidiary dealing in the waste - to - energy sector
that has secured a 10 billion , 5 - year contract with chinese
government - run companies , including yanzhou coal mining
( nyse : yzc , 64 ) to supply their technology throughout china .
there are no other companies on the otc that can match - up with geecf
and their multi - billions in deals on the table . geecf shares will
continue to soar and reward aggressive investors . geecf is on target
for record - breaking revenues while turning savvy market players into
millionaires as the value of their oil projects are revealed .
disclosure : the information and opinions in this featured profile are
based on sources believed to be reliable but no representation is
made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an
indicator of future results . this report is a paid profile for
information purposes only and should not be used as the basis for
any investment decision . this newsletter has been compensated ten
thousand dollars for the preparation of this profile and for
continuing coverage of the featured company . newsletter publishers
are not investment experts and this profile is not to be considered
investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to buy
nor an offer to sell securities . information herein contains future -
looking statements that are subject to significant risks and
uncertainties . there are no shares presently held and no participation
will occur in the trading of shares in any profiled company .