Subject: next of kin
from the desk of mr . martins olusegun
director credit control department .
union bank of nigeria plc .
marina branch , lagos state .
union bank of nigeria , big ! strong ! ! reliable ! ! !
private email : martinsolusegun 21 @ . msn . com
telephone : + 234 806 038 0714
my names are mr martins olusegun , i worked with union bank of nigeria
plc , marina
branch , lagos nigeria . i have an urgent and very profitable business
proposition for you that should be handled with extreme confidentiality .
on january 6 , 1998 a foreign consultant and contractor with the
nigerianrail way corporation mr . theophilous baker made a numbered time
fixeddeposit for twelve calendar months valued at us $ 4 . 5 m ( four
million , fivehundred united
states
dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity i sent aroutine notification
in accordance with the bank policy to his forwarding address but got no
reply . after a month we sent a reminder and finally ,
we discovered from his contract employers nigerian railway corporation
that mr . theophilous baker died in anautomobile accident .
on further investigation , we found out that he died without making a
will and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore
made further investigations and discovered that mr . theophilous baker
did notdeclare any next of kin or relations in all his official
documents including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank .
no one will ever come forward to claim it and according to the law of
my country , at the expiration of 7 years the money will revert to the
ownership of the state ( government ) if nobody applies to claim the
fund . this prompted me to contact you . i want to front you as the next of kin
to our late client thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the sum
of $ 4 . 5 million u . s dollars that is presently in my bank .
i contacted you because it is against our code of ethics to own and
operate foreign accounts and your assistance would be needed to claim the
money so thatmy bank can transfer this money to your nominated account
in your country .
i have unanimously agreed that 25 % of the entire sum would be for you
if you agree to take part in this profitable transaction , 65 % for me
while the remaining 10 % would be used to pay back all the expenses that
may be incurred during the course of the transaction by both parties
after the fund has been claimed and lodged in your account . in the event
that you are genuinely interested in the transaction , the following
information would be needed from you to expedite action .
1 ) your full name ,
2 ) your residential or company address ,
3 ) your private telphone and fax numbers where you can be reached at
all time because this transaction entails constant communication .
i want to assure you that this transaction is 100 % legal and totally
free from all risks as all modalities has been perfected to ensure the
hitch free success of the transaction .
if you are interested , send me the requested information via email as
soon as possible so that we can proceed .
i await your response urgently .
best regards and god bless you .
mr martins olusegun .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com