Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 2 ? q ? my _ proposition ? =
from : dr . dan . nkanga
zenith international bank ltd .
cowrie house
adeola - hopewell str .
victoria - island ,
lagos
dear sir ,
first , i must solicit your confidence in this
transaction , this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly
confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of
this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried , but i am
assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have
decided to contact you by e - mail due to the urgency of this
transaction . let me start by first introducing myself properly to
you . i am dr . dan nkanga , a manager at the zenith international bank
ltd , lagos . i came to know of you in my private search for a
reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential
transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a
foreign account requiring maximum confidence . i am not too really
sure if you are my long lost contact whom i am trying to reach , but
in anyway , please do take this message with a good heart and report
back to me if you are not the person i think you are . i would
explain more latter .
the proposition :
a foreigner , late engineer sann clarke , an oil
merchant / contractor with the federal govenment of nigeria , until
his death three years ago in a ghastly air crash , banked with us
here at zenith bank lagos , and had a closing balance of usd $ 12 . 5 m
( twelvemillion and five hundred thousand , united states dollars )
which the bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by any of
his available foreign next of kin or alternatively be donated to a
discredited trust fund for alms and ammunition at a military war
college here in nigeria . fervent valuable efforts has been made by
the zenith international bank to get in touch with any of the
clarke family or relatives but all have proved to no
avail . it is because of the perceived possibility of
not going to be able to locate any of late engr . sann clarke ' s next
of kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the management
under the influence of our chairman , board of directors , chief jim
ovie , that an arrangement for the fund to be declared " unclaimable "
and then be subsequently donated to the trust fund for alms and war
in africa and the world in general .
in order to avert this negative development , myself
and some of my trusted colleagues here at the bank now seek for
your permission to have you stand as late
engr . sann clarke ' s next of kin so that the fund ,
usd $ 12 . 5 m usd would be subsequently transferred and paid into your
bank account as the beneficiary next of kin . all documents and
proves to enable you get this fund have been carefully worked out
and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free involvement . for your
assistance , your commission would be 20 % . 80 % be for myself and my
colleagues for investment purposes in your country .
if this proposal is ok . by you and you do not wish to
take advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you and your
company , then kindly get to me immediately
via my e - mail utome 445 @ yahoo . fr furnishing me with your most
confidential telephone , fax number and exclusive e - mail so that i
can forward to you the relevant details of this transaction .
thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation .
best regards ,
dr dan nkanga
manager zenith bank intl . ltd