Subject: re : update - waterdesk
please respond to thank you louise . i will follow up with greg asap .
- karen .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , february 21 , 2001 6 : 29 pm
to : kwelsch @ waterdesk . com
subject : re : update - waterdesk
>
thank you for your email i would think you should talk to greg piper as
soon as possible . greg , apart from running the origination group of enron
net works , is also its coo . greg does currently have a lot of
opportunities in his group which may suit your skill set .
regards
louise
( embedded enron capital & trade resources corp .
image moved
to file : from : " karen welsch "
pico 2625 . pcx )
02 / 21 / 2001 03 : 48 pm
please respond to
to :
cc :
subject : update - waterdesk
louise -
first , congratulations on your resent position change . sounds like an
exciting and challenging opportunity for you .
second , you may have already heard but i just wanted to touch base with you
and give you an update on waterdesk . american water works on friday
notified
us that they have decided to pass on the acquisition of waterdesk . this is
unfortunate for both the industry and waterdesk as a whole . we are
immediately positioning wd to sell the individual assets as feasible and
have severed the team effective 3 / 16 / 01 . thank you for providing the names
of your directors within networks , the team has been in contact with the
various names you provided us . alex and myself will be remaining to work
with various systems integrators and any other potential purchasers
interested in the " parts " of waterdesk during the next several weeks .
and finally on a personal note , i was incredibly impressed with you and the
way you carried yourself during our meeting last month . it was refreshing
to speak to someone as high energetic as you and to talk to someone who
really " get ' s it " at enron . i ' d be interested if you had any opportunities
and / or suggestions for an individual such as myself given my background in
developing and executing new business strategies for clients in the
consulting arena and most recently leading the waterdesk from a product to
a
services focused company .
i look forward to any suggestions you may have . regards , karen welsch .