Subject: fw : peoples energy board of directors
louise
i ' m in toronto with lay on april 4 th . you should attempt to go to this .
john
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : luce , laura
sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 2 : 45 pm
to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; shively , hunter
cc : delainey , david ; pikofsky , lynn
subject : peoples energy board of directors
on april 4 , 2001 , peoples energy will hold their board of directors meeting in houston . i have been engaged with their executive team in their planning process and the schedule is as follows :
8 : 00 am to 10 : 00 am board of directors meeting - peoples energy production office , houston
10 : 30 am to 11 : 30 am enron - tour of trading floor , enron bio , etc .
12 : 00 pm to 5 : 00 pm various activities ( golf , art museum , etc )
6 : 30 pm - evening enron field , astros vs . milwaukee , enron suite - enron hosting
i am requesting introductions ( if available ) and attendance on the trading floor from each of you , dave , and jeff skilling . dave and jeff were requested by peoples due to their prior involvement with this account . as we transition your involvement , i would like to use this event as an opportunity to ease the departure of dave and provide an informal format to engage our new team .
those in attendance will include :
ceo , peoples energy - dick terry
president and coo , peoples energy - tom patrick
executive vice president , peoples energy - bill morrow ( signatory and key relationship for enron current transactions )
ceo & chairman of the board , chicago board options exchange - bill brodsky
chairman , jb capital management , llc - jim boris
chairman , president and ceo , azteca foods - arthur velasquez
managing partner of washington , pitman and mckeever , llc - lester mckeever
professor , university of chicago - pastora san juan cafferty
chairman of the board , evanston northwestern healthcare - homer livingston
retired vice chairman , centel corp . - bill mitchell
non - executive chairman , alleghany asset management - richard toft
various other pec executives
please let me know if your schedules accommodate this request . if you have questions , please contact me at 312 / 541 - 1225 .
laura luce