Subject: re : possible temporary move of hpl to 1201 louisiana
russell ,
thanks for the update . can you provide a rough quote / schedule to kit out the louisiana space for 130 people - please contact lillian carroll to get an exact count . we don ' t need recorded phones . also please lay out a schematic of the hardware configuration between enron , louisiana and aep ' s offices for this solution .
deborah ,
can you provide lillian with a floor plan so that she can start locating the hpl staff by function . also , what do you recommend regarding furniture ? we should be able to come up with an interim solution based on the space coming available in 3 allen or any additional furniture we have in warehouses or in the louisiana bldg . your thoughts on cost for this ?
once we have a plan / schedule i will follow up with aep to let them know of our plans . they already know we are headed in this direction , given their delay in leasing space .
regards ,
brian
from : russell long / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 14 / 2001 06 : 54 pm
to : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect
cc : tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , vincent fox / enron @ enronxgate , keith dziadek / enron @ enronxgate , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , deborah bubenko / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , paul foust / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert humlicek / enron @ enronxgate , jeffrey vincent / enron @ enronxgate , andrew hawthorn / enron @ enronxgate , heather a johnson / enron @ enronxgate
subject : possible temporary move of hpl to 1201 louisiana
i finished the walk through of the 15 th floor space located at 1201 louisiana this afternoon . on the walk through with me were paul foust ( facilities ) , robert humlicek , jeffrey vincent and andrew hawthorn . i previously talked with deborah bubenko and vincent fox about this space . comments from the review are as follows :
most of the floor is composed of offices with some large group areas ( conference rooms etc . ) included . the floor can accommodate up to 150 people . however , with this amount of people in the area , space will be very tight . almost all offices will need to hold at least two people . large offices will need to hold three or four . the larger areas will need to have cubicles installed to make complete use of the space . with maximum doubling up in the offices , you might fit a couple of conference rooms on the floor with one kitchen area . there are nooks just off some of the hallways that would accommodate several network printers .
as tommy stated in his earlier e - mail on the allen center space , the fire code will require us to put a strobe in each office with multiple occupants .
one area of concern is the amount of furniture currently on the floor . the floor plan shows approximately 90 desks on the floor . some offices were locked so we could not verify the total . however , this number appears correct . also , for the most part , there were only desks in the offices unless they were occupied . chairs , filing cabinets , credenzas , etc . would needed to be added to this space . we need to determine where the additional furniture will come from .
there is one large area with 11 cubicles forming a circle . according to paul , this was the area where telephones were answered for the previous tenant . this might work for the trading area . the room appears to have the most telephone connectivity , is open , and would accommodate up to 11 .
if we decide trader telephones are necessary ( record conversations etc . ) , the cost associated with the purchase of the equipment and the necessary installation time will need to be factored into our schedule .
the floor has two data closets . at least one of the closets has 24 hour air conditioning according to vincent .
this floor has the same server connectivity at the three allen center space . a 100 meg single mode fiber connection serves this space .
robert has informed me that the floor currently has switches to support up to 200 ports . however , this does not mean that the drops to all offices are complete . probably some cabling will need to be added . it appears that the space can accommodate up to 150 users even with the extra ports needed for network printers , laptops , etc . however , if we need to accommodate more than 200 ports , additional switches can be added .
in summary , the floor space at 1201 louisiana looks as good or better than the space that was being considered at three allen center .
russell s . long
enron net works , llc
russell . long @ enron . com
( 713 ) 345 - 3754