Subject: leadership committees
we are launching a number of committees to perform key functions across enron . enron ' s breadth of activities and nonhierarchal organization make it increasingly necessary to broaden the participation of enron ' s next generation of leadership in the important decisions affecting the company . broadening participation will result in increased access to information as decisions are made and will allow committee members to extend their working relationships and influence throughout the company .
the committee charters and memberships are set forth below . not everyone listed has been contacted in advance . we urge you to serve if at all possible , but , if you cannot , please contact the committee chair .
vp prc
the vp prc will continue to be responsible for evaluating the performance of enron ' s vice presidents , determining promotions to vice president , and recommending promotions to managing director . additionally , the vp prc will review and propose changes to the prc process , the performance evaluation criteria and the promotion criteria .
the vp prc will be chaired by dave delainey and its membership is as follows :
tim belden ben glisan danny mccarty
michael brown joe gold jeff mcmahon
rick buy mark haedicke rob milnthorp
wes colwell jim hughes matthew scrimshaw
david cox louise kitchen jeff shankman
janet dietrich michael kopper richard shapiro
dave duran john lavorato marty sunde
jim fallon dan leff
analyst / associate prc
the analyst / associate prc will be divided into 3 groups . enron europe will have the same committee evaluate analysts and associates . this group will be chaired by john sherriff and its membership is as follows :
pierre aury kevin heffron andreas radmacher
rob bayley joe hirl stuart rexrode
paul chivers chris mahoney marcello romano
markus fiala christopher mckey bjarne schieldrop
david gallagher roy poyntz ron slimp
bruce garner paul quilkey rob stewart
the associate prc for the americas will be chaired by stan horton and its membership is as follows :
sally beck troy henry kevin presto
jeremy blachman sean holmes brad richter
don black sean long stewart seeligson
dan castagnola rodney malcolm hunter shively
joe deffner scott neal jim steffes
kevin garland john nowlan andy zipper
david gorte ozzie pagan
the analyst prc for the americas will be chaired by steve kean and its membership is as follows :
federico cerisoli mark jackson everett plante
jennifer fraser ben jacoby paul racicot
derrick davies steve jernigan angela schwarz
scott gahn jay lewis ed smida
rod hayslett cheryl lipshutz jon thomsen
rogers herndon michael mann emilio vicens
brenda herod ed mcmichael frank vickers
kevin howard steve meyers
analyst / associate program
the most essential determinant of enron ' s continued growth is our ability to attract and develop new talent . the analyst / associate program has been the biggest contributor to our success in this area . charlene jackson , currently leading our analyst / associate program , has taken a commercial position in ees ' account management organization . we thank charlene for her hard work and many contributions to the program . going forward , this program will be administered by a committee chaired by john sherriff , ceo of enron europe . the members of this committee are listed below . billy lemmons , currently vice president of enron global markets , will lead the day - to - day operations of the program . billy joined enron in 1992 , and has served in a variety of commercial capacities across the company and has been an active participant in the associate / analyst program . please join us in congratulating billy on his new responsibilities .
phillip allen andy fastow eric shaw
robina barker - bennett kevin garland hunter shively
rick causey ken rice stu staley
joe deffner
culture
we are combining the vision and values , diversity and corporate responsibility committees into a single corporate culture committee chaired by ken lay . cindy olson , beth tilney and kelly kimberly will serve as executive directors of this committee . this committee will focus on leadership and work - life issues ( making it easier to attract and retain the best talent ) , in addition to continuing the work of the vision and values , diversity and corporate responsibility task forces . the members of this committee are as follows :
greg adams louise kitchen mark palmer
shelley corman michael kopper paula rieker
janet dietrich richard lewis jeff shankman
jeff donahue sean long mitch taylor
gene humphrey dan mccarty mike terraso
robert jones jean mrha
the corporate policy committee will conduct the md prc and review the recommendations of the other committees , giving substantial deference to the decisions of those other committees . we will be forming other committees to deal with other significant functions , tasks and issues facing the company .