Subject: ews weekly report of year prc reviews and action items
status report below on ;
? outstanding feedback from year end across ews ( excluding eel - i believe they are almost 100 % )
? status of those bottom 2 prc category performers from year end .
we have formed a dedicated group under cindy skinner ' s management to deal with this across ews . what follows is her groups latest weekly report . please let me have any comments and i would ask for you continued support in completing the remaining reviews .
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : conn , philip
sent : friday , march 23 , 2001 11 : 50 am
to : blaylock , john ; bonnard , janie ; bosien , teresa ; brown , daniel ; buck , gary ; cash , michelle ; curless , amanda ; davies , neil ; de la paz , janet ; dejesus , francisco ; doucet , dawn ; fernandes , fernanda ; funkhouser , shanna ; garcia , grace ; gilchrist , scott ; hankamer , cecilia ; herman , ben ; hickok , kim ; hill , dave ; jones , robert w . ; knudsen , sheila a . ; mayes , fran l . ; mcloughlin , hector ; melodick , kim ; migliore , todd ; neal , kathy ; o ' rourke , tim ; oxley , david ; padron , miguel ; schaeffer , caroline ; seleznov , ryan ; slone , jeanie ; treadwell , robin ; villarreal , norma ; walton , sheila ; yeverino , norma ; skinner , cindy
subject : ews weekly report of outstanding reviews and ni / issues employees
the stats for this week are attached .
we have made some improvement over last week ' s totals by decreasing the number of outstanding reviews from 802 to 591 . the greatest improvement was in esa . however , with time running out on the 3 / 31 / 01 deadline , we are still considerably short of attaining 100 % of the reviews returned to hr . the following are the counts of reviews still outstanding : enw 99 or 9 % , eim 18 or 16 % , calme 29 or 20 % , esa 52 or 22 % , ena 253 or 23 % , egm 87 or 25 % , apachi 53 or 41 % .
over the last week elisa tamez and i have contacting many of you to offer assistance in calling delinquent supervisors . please let us know if we can provide any further assistance . as well please continue to provide input of employees that should not be considered in the reporting , i . e . ( voluntary terminations , employees on fmla , special circumstances in international regions , etc . )
thanks ,
cindy / philip