Subject: fw : argonne collaboratory research
here ' s some more . . .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : " lake , stephan " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 lake + 2 c + 20 stephan + 22 + 20 + 3 cslake + 40 anl + 2 egov + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 4 : 48 pm
to : perlman , beth
cc : betten , paul r .
subject : fw : argonne collaboratory research
beth ,
per my other note , see enclosed the computational science related projects .
the point here was to explore the possible development and marketing of very
high bandwidth services such as teleimmersion , telepresence , and various
collaboratory techniques . computational power on demand from large
computational grids which could be bought and sold like electricity is
another project under development at the lab . again both ideas involve
collaborations between our organizations to develop new approaches that
enron could transform into new commodity items that could be traded .
i also am interested in exploring new approaches in energy storage via new
generation flywheel energy storage systems that would be installed at
substations . these units would allow companies to store power at night while
rates and demand are lower and then use it during peak periods . the idea
here is that this would provide more power as needed without new electrical
infrastructures . these systems could be used again as a new commodity ,
electric power storage space .
all of these items are in the development stage , but with sufficient
additional funding and technical collaboration from enron and its partner
companies , new value from new services could be generated .
we also are a leader in developing high temperature superconductivity wire
for use in electric power cables which will enable considerably more power
to move through the same " space " . this will enable areas that are power
strapped ( and space constrained such as in large urban areas ) to push more
electricity without very expensive upgrades to the related infrastructure
such as roads , sidewalks , buildings , etc .
i have provided a few urls below for your associates review . our homepage is
at http : / / www . anl . gov which is the launch site for much of the information
on the labs capabilities . we also have a software shop under the technology
transfer button on the top row , middle section which might be of interest to
you .
regards ,
stephan lake
manager , business development and marketing
argonne national laboratory
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lake , stephan
sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 9 : 19 am
to : ' ross . mesquita @ enron . com '
subject : re : argonne collaboratory research
ross ,
my eyes must have crossed when i was typing the url ' s . i ' ll give you the
corrected urls below :
i ' ve also added one additional url below .
you also may want to go to the mathematics and computer science home page at
http : / / www - fp . mcs . anl . gov . select either the research or collaboration
buttons and take a very quick tour through the topics of your interest .
thanks again ,
steve lake
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : ross . mesquita @ enron . com [ mailto : ross . mesquita @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , march 21 , 2001 5 : 08 pm
to : lake , stephan
subject : re : argonne collaboratory research
stephan - -
thanks for the message and i enjoyed our discussion yesterday - - i do want
to investigate your collaboratories a bit , but the links you bring me to a
page that cannot be displayed . do you have an alternative url address ?
thanks
ross
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : " lake , stephan " @ enron
@ enron . com ]
sent : tuesday , march 20 , 2001 5 : 23 pm
to : mesquita , ross
subject : argonne collaboratory research
ross ,
i enjoyed talking with you today regarding your business . as we
discussed
i ' m attaching a few url ' s that describe our research in various
collaboratory and immersive environments .
the goal of this work is develop technology to assist collaboratory
actions
over high bandwidth environments . scientists , engineers , designers , and
probably bankers , lawyers , accountants and other professional staff will
have significant new tools in forming and working a collaboration forum .
the
bulk of this research is done in our mathematics and computer science
division .
you may also notice an additional collaboratory activity which is
telepresence . in this case scientists can remotely manipulate scientific
equipment such as electronic microscopes as well as discuss the results
with
others as the experiment is underway . this approach actually allows
collaborating parties to reach out and control machines safely over the
internet . this is far beyond just changing a camera angle or moving a
microscope stage .
i ' ve also included a url on the computational grid concept which
provides
heavy computational power on demand in a way not dissimiliar to the
electric
generation and distribution business .
http : / / globus . org
if your clients are faced with the need to access enormous files of hard
copy information that needs to be put in a manner that can used easily
over
the internet , we have developed an interesting approach . doe has over
250 , 000 pages of hard copy documents from various sources on the human
radiation experiments conducted over many years . these documents can
easily
be accessed and manipulated through an special search engine . our other
information research division , the decision information sciences
division
built and operated this application . you can view it at :
http : / / www . dis . anl . gov / disweb / datt
as a side note , this division has unique skills in developing technology
to
solve problems that have enormous amounts of date . the division also has
developed energy planning software , and trained many foreign government
energy planners on the use of that software .
regards ,
steve lake
argonne national laboratory