Subject: re : turbines from esa
louise :
sorry for the delay in getting back to you . i ' m on vacation this week , and did not pick up my mail until late yesterday afternoon .
brett and i have been working through our respective groups on finalizing numbers for the ft . pierce turbine . i expect that we should have numbers tomorrow . the only issue on this has been to make sure we are properly allocating change orders and spare parts between the two mhi turbines which are presently under one contract . by tomorrow , we expect to have a proposed cost allocation and will then present it to brett for his review and approval .
with respect to the second mhi unit , dave duran , ozzie pagan and i have a call scheduled tomorrow to discuss the homestead project . on the development side , we will know where we stand with respect to local approvals by mid - may . we are in the process of obtaining permits for a facility of up to two mhi 501 fs . at least to this point , our proposed site has not raised the type of controversy we have experienced in broward county .
lastly , i wanted to make sure you knew that we received our final local approvals for our midway site in st . lucie county . greg krause ( a director in my group ) and his team really stepped up to the plate to deliver on this . this project is now one of the only fully permitted merchant peaker projects in florida .
please let me know if you have any questions .
regards ,
ben
louise kitchen
04 / 09 / 2001 09 : 41 am
to : ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect
cc : ozzie pagan / enron @ enronxgate , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate
subject : turbines from esa
as i see it , the information below outlines our current turbine position . please could you confirm that the transfer pricing has been completed between north america and south america on the transfer of the mitsubishi turbine for fort pierce , we will be transferring a second turbine across from esa to ena for the homestead project .
i recognize that there may be a requirement for 2 turbines for homestead but i assuming that you will come and see me with regard to this before we reallocate further from esa .
please complete both transfers this week and let john and i know the numbers at which transfer occurred .
thanks
louise