Subject: yahoo - allegheny energy announces plans to issue 10 , 000 , 000 common
shares
you may have already seen this . aye is above $ 47 . 00 , barely $ 2 . 00 off its all time high .
don
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
dmille 2 @ ect . enron . com on 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 08 : 05 pm
to : don . miller @ enron . com
cc :
subject : yahoo - allegheny energy announces plans to issue 10 , 000 , 000 common shares
http : / / biz . yahoo . com / bw / 010409 / 2562 . html
aye 47 . 24 + 1 . 00 delayed 20 mins - disclaimer
monday april 9 , 12 : 48 pm eastern time
press release
allegheny energy announces plans to issue 10 , 000 , 000 common shares
hagerstown , md . - - ( business wire ) - - april 9 , 2001 - - allegheny energy , inc . ( nyse : aye - news ) today announced its intent to issue approximately 10 , 000 , 000 shares of common stock . the offering is expected to be concluded by early may 2001 .
all or a portion of the net proceeds of the transaction will be used to fund the acquisition of generating facilities . any proceeds not used in the acquisition of these generating facilities will be used for general corporate purposes .
the joint book - running managers are goldman , sachs & co . and merrill lynch & co . , with co - managers bank of america securities llc , jp morgan , salomon smith barney , and suntrust equitable securities .
the underwriters also will have a 30 - day option to purchase up to 1 , 500 , 000 additional shares to cover any over - allotments of shares .
this offering will be made by a prospectus only . a copy of the prospectus may be obtained from the underwriters .
this notice shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these shares of common stock in any state in which such offer , solicitation , or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state .
an s allegheny energy supply company , llc , which owns , operates , and markets competitive retail and wholesale electric generation ; and allegheny ventures , which actively invests in and develops telecommunications and energy - related projects .
certain statements within constitute forward - looking statements with respect to allegheny energy , inc . ( ` ` aye ' ' or the ` ` company ' ' ) . such forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties , and other factors that may cause the actual results , performance or achievements of aye to be materially different from any future results , performance , or achievements expressed or implied by such forward - looking statements . such factors may affect aye ' s operations , markets , products , services , and prices . such factors include , among others , the following : weather and natural phenomena ; general and economic and business conditions ; industry capacity ; changes in technology ; changes in political , social , and economic conditions ; changes in the price of electricity and gas ; changes in environmental and other laws ; regulatory matters ; litigation involving aye ; regulatory conditions applicable to aye ; the loss of any significant customers ; and changes in business strategy or development plans .
contact :
allegheny energy , inc .
debra beck
general manager , corporate communications
phone : 301 - 790 - 6177
media hotline : 1 - 888 - 233 - 3583
email this story - most - emailed articles - most - viewed articles
more quotes and news : allegheny energy inc ( nyse : aye - news )
related news categories : oil / energy , utilities
help
copyright ? 2001 yahoo ! inc . all rights reserved . privacy policy - terms of service
copyright ? 2001 business wire . all rights reserved . all the news releases provided by business wire are copyrighted . any forms of copying other than an individual user ' s personal reference without express written permission is prohibited . further distribution of these materials is strictly forbidden , including but not limited to , posting , emailing , faxing , archiving in a public database , redistributing via a computer network or in a printed form .
questions or comments ?