Subject: fw : cynthia franklin update
louise ,
per our conversation yesterday , i am hoping that the email from bob superty is sufficient correspondence to enable john to hire cindy franklin into the wellhead desk . please confirm this is correct by sending me or jeanie slone an email with your approval .
by the way , applied terravision is up again today ( + . 10 ) and has traded as high as 1 . 50 . the last trade was at 1 . 40 . in addition , i spoke with wes about having eight seats on the floor for the wellhead / ecommerce effort under john grass . i will have to meet with arnold today , because to individuals will have to move in order for me to have access to two vacant seats .
the need for eight seats is broken out as follows :
kathy kelly - wellhead
cindy franklin - wellhead
dayem khandker - wellhead / ecommerce
judy thorne - wellhead
john grass - wellhead / ecommerce
jean mrha
vacant - expected ecommerce originator need after expected closing of outsourcing deals
vacant - ecommerce associate / analyst
i am conflicted about having a seat on six and on five , but i think it is necessary from a management / business perspective . do you concur ?
regards , mrha
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : superty , robert
sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 9 : 16 am
to : kitchen , louise
cc : grass , john ; mrha , jean ; kelly , katherine ; hall , bob m . ; beck , sally ; lamadrid , victor ; de jesus , frank
subject : fw : cynthia franklin update
louise , attached is a short note from cindy franklin ' s manager in logisitics , victor lamadrid , and a more detailed progress report which was also written by him . i completely agree with victor ' s assessment and have no doubt that cindy will continue to improve and become an even more valuable and productive employee . i believe she is well suited for the new position in the upstream services group .
please let me know if you have any additonal concerns , questions - bob superty
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lamadrid , victor
sent : tue 4 / 17 / 2001 9 : 34 pm
to : kelly , katherine
cc : robert superty / hou / ect @ enron ; hall , bob m . ; de jesus , frank ; jeanie slone / hou / ect @ enron
subject : cynthia franklin update
kathy , per your request , below is the letter updating you on cyndi ' s progress . i think , she will be a very good addition to your team . her experience and familiarity with our systems / procedures as well as her industry contacts should make your operations more effective and efficient . if you have any questions , please let me know . please forward this to all necessary personnel . once this move is approved , let ' s get together soon afterward and discuss a transition plan .
thanks
victor
3 - 4221
>