Subject: re : gtv weekly status update
louise ,
the design members will get a room for some of tonight and the entire day tomorrow and work through to get it down on paper , but it will be a best estimate by the time they finish and not completely definative , as that can only really happen at the end of an elaboration / design phase . . . . there is no way that they could commit to a design decision for these big - ticket items in such a short space of time without compromising the quality of those decisions .
i believe you can get a draft on you desk by the end of tomorrow , but can ' t guarantee that it can be reviewed in that time and signed , unless we acknowledge that this is an inception document and not an elaboration document . ( an inception document states intent to kick off the project , while an elaboration document fleshes out the details and a design is produced ) .
the team are trying hard to accomodate this request and i hope you will understand if they don ' t quite make it by eob friday .
regards
steve
ps : i ' ll be out of the office tomorrow at the hospital , but i can be reached on 713 - 598 - 0732 or by e - mail : steve @ thestockfamily . com
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 54 pm
to : stock , stephen
subject : re : gtv weekly status update
i am expecting a signed document - the phase ii document was not worthwhile . geof listed out the information / areas that he wanted to see included in it , so i asked for them to be included . it sounds as though geof and your guys need to sit down and work through it today or tomorrow .
from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 47 pm
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : gtv weekly status update
hi louise ,
i tried to call a moment ago , but unfortunately you were engaged in a meeting .
i wanted to let you know that the message from you below has caused some concern with my team , as they are struggling to see how they can accomplish this to your satisfaction by end of this week , and geoff storey himself was wondering how we could even get to transport valuation in erms in that time frame .
they are heading for a draft by the end of the week , but feel extremely uncomfortable about committing to timing and full scope untill they have had more time to work through it .
could you please let me know if you are expecting a signed document at the end of this week ? . . . . . . or can i let them issue a draft to be firmed up next week instead ?
best regards
steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 1 : 50 pm
to : wei , zhiyong ; storey , geoff
cc : bibi , philippe a . ; perlman , beth ; stock , stephen
subject : re : gtv weekly status update
i ' m a bit confused - i think that the current document distributed for circulation is too small . i would suggest this be abandonned and a next draft produced which includes the following .
single deal entry revisions
options reports
transport valuation in erms
eol reporting tools ( possible )
i would like to see phase ii include the items above and an inception document re - issued this week .
thanks
louise
from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 06 : 30 pm
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : gtv weekly status update
please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project .
gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , geof storey .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes to cpr reader process and its unit testing have been completed .
o changes for the view aggregation and its unit testing have been completed .
o a new task has been added due to the requirement of loading prior - day curves into position manager ( please see the attached project timeline . )
o changes for position manager are in progress ( please see the attached project timeline . )
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o single point of deal entry is now ready for user acceptance testing .
? gas daily deals :
o changes to erms portcalc application for the gas daily deals are complete and ready for testing .
o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline . )
o a new task has been added to flag fixed - price positions ( please see the attached project timeline . )
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production
plans for the week ending 4 / 20 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase i items .
? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline .
? commence it development of phase 2 issues .
issues :
incompatibility of tibco version 5 . x and 6 . x . the single point of deal entry is done using tibco 6 . x . some users are still using tibco 5 . x . upgrading to either tibco 6 . x or windows 2000 is needed .
>
thanks
zhiyong