Subject: fw : epc negotiation team
louise ,
i have revised the memo to reflect comments from mark h . and joe d . . going forward we will have a rac representative on the team , however , the specific rac person will change based on the deal . i suggest that we need to get this team " officially working " in order to get a lot of the turbopark static out of the system . we need to make turbopark work for the projects and make the projects work for turbopark . getting everyone on the same side of the table will help .
regards ,
brian
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : redmond , brian
sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 7 : 53 pm
to : dodson , keith
cc : stanley , brian
subject : re : epc negotiation team
kieth ,
thanks for the input . i agree with the contractor qualification process and will work to get someone from rac involved with the team .
brian
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dodson , keith
sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 12 : 19 pm
to : redmond , brian
cc : stanley , brian
subject : re : epc negotiation team
brian ,
the memo as written is fine .
i do have a general concern about the need for a rigid and corporate based qualification process for contractors . maybe this is influenced by just visiting dabhol and seeing first hand the problems we have created by using marginally qualified contractors , but to me it would make sense to have a corporate based team including rac for this function . financial positions of engineering and construction contractors are difficult to understand . it is a business that does not neatly fit a yearly reporting concept and requires significant experience to evaluate . i doubt your epc team will have the time to adequately perform this function . a small team continuously working as a committee on the evaluation of contractors could prevent a lot of tears . i believe strongly in looking at new contractors especially private ones with strong leadership , but we need to clearly identify the risk . in addition the entire e & c industry is at risk due to thin margins and / or risk .
keith
brian redmond @ ect 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 33 am to : keith dodson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : epc negotiation team
draft memo , as discussed .
brian
>