Subject: time reporting for non - exempt employees - policy
hi louise ,
i was cleaning out my e - mails since we ' re migrating over to outlook from lotus notes and came across the following . . . it reminded me of a certain highly paid admin . . . it was good to see you on sat , best of luck for the remaining of the week !
avril
with the consolidation of several units under enron net works , we would like to remind everyone of the time reporting policy for non - exempt employees to ensure that we have a consistent and fair application of the policy :
employees are expected to begin work promptly at their regularly scheduled starting time and manage their work time productively . each full - time employee is expected to work a minimum of 8 hours per day and 40 hours per week . non - exempt employees are to receive pay for overtime hours worked consistent with company policy and law . supervisors should ensure that overtime is approved in advance and properly reported for non - exempt workers . supervisors should also be notified in a timely fashion in the event a non - exempt employee will be out ill , etc . it would also be helpful if the non - exempt employee contacted their administrative back - up to ensure adequate departmental coverage .
as a general rule , non - exempt employees should not be working at home to " make - up " time missed at work during the week , nor should they be accumulating overtime hours by working at home . all non - exempt employees should document time missed from work as either sick time , vacation time or personal time with or without pay . please note that all time being documented as personal time with pay requires supervisor approval . personal time with pay should be used in only limited circumstances . any employee documenting more than 16 hours of personal time in a calendar year , will require prior approval from the division vp and the vp of human resources to ensure policy compliance .
the designation , " family time with pay " is to be used in instances of time off for the death of an immediate family member , or as otherwise indicated by policy . hours missed during the day for personal appointments , etc . may be made up within the same week and should be documented accordingly on the timesheets .
all assistant timesheets should be approved by the administrative coordinator or lead in the group and should be signed each pay period by the employee and the immediate supervisor . if there is no lead in the group , then the signed timesheets should be forwarded each pay period to either executive assistant in the office of the chairman .
thank you for your adherence to this policy .