Subject: compression deals
please do not forward this message to anyone . this email articulates the frustration that we have had with ees since the very beginning of this year . per your recommendation for pricing , we contacted don black who forwarded us to sean holmes who forwarded us to richard zdunkiewicz . chris is meeting with richard this morning , but i am highly doubtful of its effectiveness .
like chris , i am tired of communicating with a lot of vps who are not accountable for their business . i do not understand why ees does not see the value in capturing the tolling spread between gas and power . compressor load is much more manageable than their standard retail customer .
if need be , should i go talk to delainey ? whalley ? i am trying to be patient , but i want to close some compression deals this quarter .
regards , mrha
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hilgert , chris
sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 9 : 35 am
to : mrha , jean
subject : fw : compression deals - meeting scheduled
importance : high
jean ,
per your request , here is the e - mail that showed up in my inbox without even a phone calle to lacye or me . i was specifically told by scott gahn that he had talked to dave delainey and janet deitrich about involving ees origination in this loop and they agreed that it did not make sense . we were referred to jim wood who we talked to and he responded back to us that he did not believe that ees would be able to work with us as our deals did not fit their new " standardized " pistol . we then moved to don black and you know the rest from there . we keep having these people show up in our world and i am tired of it because all they do is waste our time and stick their hand out for having done nothing . john kiani called jodi thrasher ( an analyst who he had been working with ) to sniff out the purpose of this meeting and she told him that greg sharp had called it to determine which people we should be working with per ees ' " standard products barnwell , bo ; hilgert , chris ; knippa , mark ; miles , andrew
cc : sharp , greg ; velasco , xochitl - alexis
subject : compression deals - meeting scheduled
date : wednesday , may 2
time : 4 : 30 - 5 : 00 pm
place : eb 751
attendees : greg sharp
bo barnwell
jodi thrasher
chris hilgert
mark knippa
andrew miles