Subject: re :
louise ,
we are thrilled that you will meet us at the cathedral house facility and join us for the debriefing session ( if you don ' t go into labor before tomorrow ! ) . since the rest of the group will be going to cathedral house from the knowledge beginnings katy facility on the van , do you need directions to cathedral house from enron ? if not , we look forward to meeting you at cathedral house .
i have visited the knowledge beginnings bp facility , but since the enron child care center will be closer to the new knowledge beginnings katy facility , the katy facility was selected as one of our tour stops .
i look forward to meeting you tomorrow !
regards ,
charla
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 33 pm
to : stuart , charla
cc : mrha , jean ; dietrich , janet ; davis , sarah a . ; tilney , elizabeth ; olson , cindy ; schoppe , tammie
subject : re :
i have a few meetings on thursday but i have already recently visited the facilities of creme de la creme and attended the presentation of knowledge beginnings at enron . i will attend the cathedral house facility and debriefing session . i would suggest that you may wish to consider actually visiting the bp facility which is not an open facility ( company specific ) as this may be more akin to what we will get .
i could give you my choice now ( its easy ) but i will wait until the debriefing session .
regards
louise
( if i go into labour before thursday - sarah davis already knows my choice ! ) .
from : charla stuart / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 41 pm
to : jean mrha / enron @ enronxgate , janet r dietrich / hou / ees @ ees , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc : sarah a davis / enron @ enronxgate , elizabeth tilney / hou / ees @ ees , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron
subject :
per sarah davis ' voice mail :
as we prepare to open enron ' s child care center this fall , we invite you to join cindy olson , beth tilney and sarah davis on a tour of local child care centers to observe best practices in the houston child care community . your feedback is vital in helping us develop the best child care center for our employees . though the tour will consume a significant part of your day , we believe that the knowledge gained from our site visits will be worth it .
the tour will take place on thursday , may 3 rd . our agenda follows :
10 : 30 am depart from front of enron building via van
11 : 15 am tour creme de la creme town and country facility
12 : 45 pm tour knowledge beginnings katy facility
2 : 15 pm tour cathedral house montessori school downtown facility
3 : 30 pm debriefing session ( eb 1679 )
4 : 15 pm adjourn
thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedules to participate in this tour ! please rsvp to me at x - 36202 no later than wednesday at 10 : 00 am to confirm your attendance . we look forward to seeing you thursday !
regards ,
charla stuart