Subject: management sub - committee deliverables
cindy ,
in order to quantify some empirical deliverables to assess enron ' s management capabilities of retaining top performers and removing lower tiered performers , this sub - committee has outlined the following assignments to be completed for ebs , ena , ets , enron europe and enron corp . by the may 14 meeting :
? using year - end prc results , get the composition of the number of individuals per performance category , disaggregated between commercial and commercial support
? assuming that these individuals are in the same prc categories , assessment of the number of individuals retained per performance category as of may , 2001
? for the employees that left a particular business unit , was the discharge involuntary or voluntary ( left to another firm or another enron business unit )
by gathering this empirical evidence , this management sub - committee can address the following questions :
? how effective were enron managers in removing lower tiered ( needs improvement / issues ) employees ?
? did lower tiered performers reallocate themselves to other business units ( i . e . . , reaffirming the myth that there is a subset of employees that exist " below the radar screen " and consistently job - hop ) ?
? have enron managers successfully retained top performers from the 2000 prc process ?
other questions that we would like to answer , but will be limited by existing prc historical ratings are :
? for those individuals rated satisfactory and below , what have been their performance ratings in the past ?
? how many superior or excellent candidates have left over the past five years ?
we wanted to send this email to highlight the need to acquire this prc data quickly from our human relations representatives . we wish to acquire the data in aggregate form , separated by performance category , work function ( commercial vs . commercial support ) and voluntary or involuntary egress from enron . the responsibility for acquiring this information by each enron business unit is as follows :
? ena - jean mrha
? ets - shelley corman
? ebs - kelly kimberly
? enron europe - richard lewis
? enron corp . - gregory adams
if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
regards ,
jean