Subject: ena offsite
my suggestions :
1 ) mountains ( jackson hole , aspen , banff ) are a nice respite from the houston summer . san diego ( or the baja peninsula ) are also nice - can combine golf , fishing and all kinds of outdoor activities . more exotic locales could include dominican republic , cabo san lucas ( 5 championship courses in vicinity ) , virgin islands , bermuda . i ' m not a big fan of las vegas ( although there is some good golf in the area ) .
2 ) focus should be on ( i ) improving communication across business units ( i ' m surprised by the number of people on this e - mail that i don ' t know ( well ) ) - perhaps presentations by each business unit reviewing 2000 and lh 2001 , ( ii ) identifying opportunities to profit from volatility in commodity and financial markets , ( iii ) create a " road map " strategic plan for the balance of 2001 and full year 2002 .
3 ) i love mountain climbing ( lived in switzerland for four years ) and am happy to organize beginner course and / or expedition with trained mountaineers . great team building therapy . otherwise , i ' m always up for golf , deep sea fishing , go kart racing , kayaking , skeet shooting , paint ball .
4 ) occasional off - sites are a great way to build / maintain morale and make sure everyone ' s on the same page regarding strategy / direction .
call if you want to discuss in more detail . i ' m serious about organizing mountain climbing .
mlm
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lavorato , john
sent : 02 may 2001 16 : 29
to : allen , phillip ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; beck , sally ; belden , tim ; calger , christopher ; collonges , remi ; colwell , wes ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; deffner , joseph ; devries , glen ; devries , paul ; duran , w david ; foster , chris h . ; gilbert - smith , doug ; gonzalez , orlando ; haedicke , mark ; herndon , rogers ; jacoby , ben ; josey , scott ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; lagrasta , fred ; lavorato , john ; ledain , eric ; luce , laura ; martin , thomas a . ; mckay , jonathan ; miller , don ; miller , michael l . ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; oxley , david ; parquet , david ; perlman , beth ; presto , kevin ; redmond , brian ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher ; swerzbin , mike ; thompson , c . john ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank ; wiggs , brett ; wolfe , greg ; yzaguirre , max ; zufferli , john
cc : kitchen , louise
subject :
hello everyone .
in december we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility . louise and i would like to get everyone together offsite , probably in late june ( once louise is back from holiday ( just kidding ) ) . i think it ' s time to go have a little fun with the group driving enron ' s success .
i would like suggestions as to :
1 ) where to go .
2 ) what should be the focus of the business meetings .
3 ) should we have business meetings or should we do something else ( ie . climb a mountain ) ? i ' m not a strong bid on climbing a mountain .
4 ) and any other ideas you have .
in addition i would like to start having staff meetings about once a month . the first one will be friday may 11 th at 2 : 30 p . m . please add this to your schedule . i have invited everyone who has p / l responsibility . portland , calgary and toronto will have to be on video or phone conference .
regards
john