Subject: fw : fw : weekly reports
hi louise -
congrats on scott ! hope all is going well on that front .
i ' ve reviewed chris ' numbers and it looks like he ' s missing the mpr adjustments from ql as well as some fees :
lv cogen ( $ 744 k )
big horn ( $ 3 . 2 m )
pioneer chlor ( $ 252 k )
structuring fees / e - next generation ( $ 1 m )
were you expecting him to include these in his recap for you ? if not , his numbers are good . please advise . thanks !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , may 17 , 2001 3 : 05 pm
to : colwell , wes
cc : schoppe , tammie ; killen , faith
subject : re : fw : weekly reports
these are my weekly update reports which highlight what each group has been doing this week . keeps me in the loop . i would like them to add a breakdown of their income booked ( ytd ) as it doesn ' t always tie to what appears on the financials .
i will attach calger ' s - nothing difficult , but no doubt they are trying to find out what numbers are actually showing up next to their names so they can explain it . therefore in the exmaple below chris says he has mads $ 57 . 7 m this year - does that tie to the number on our earnings report ? i didn ' t ask for forecasts as chris has below - just an explanation of their p & l so far this year .
this is just a simple note which they need to add to their weekly updates - shouldn ' t involve you guys - unless of course the numbers don ' t tie - so i think that ' s why you had phone calls
gross margin to date :
pastoria $ 41 mm
psco ( fountain valley ) : $ 5 mm ( $ 12 mm more will be recognized q 3 ) .
turbine swap : $ 3 . 7 mm ( $ 2 . 1 mm to jacoby )
dwr : $ 7 mm
other : $ 1 mm
$ 57 . 7 mm
hotlist summary :
psco , q 3 $ 12 mm
dwr , q 2 $ 10 mm
various commodity : $ 10 mm
las vegas , q 3 $ 20 mm
blue dog sale , q 3 $ 3 . 5 mm
saguaro sale , q 3 $ 5 mm
longview , q 4 $ 15 mm
$ 75 . 5 mm
total forecast : $ 133 . 2 mm
hope that ' s clear - tammie can show you the weekly reports if you need further clarification .
off to sleep now - unbelievable to be able to say that at 3 pm ! ! !
thanks
louise
from : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 11 / 2001 11 : 04 am
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate
subject : fw : weekly reports
we are receiving questions about your request . there is some confusion about what you want . is it that the teams need to be broken down differently ? is it a weekly thing as opposed to monthly ? each commercial team has a coordinator for p & l reporting and they prepare acctg reports as requested on behalf of the commercial lead . they will revise as you wish , we just need to know how you would like to change what you are getting . by the way , don ' t forget that there is somewhat detailed reporting of p & l in the monthly team report with detail of margin as well as expense breakdown into 20 types from comp and benefits to rent , depreciation , t dawson , brian
cc : morris , brandi
subject : fw : weekly reports
can you help on this ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , may 08 , 2001 3 : 30 pm
to : miller , don ; duran , w david ; jacoby , ben ; redmond , brian ; lydecker jr . , richard ; yzaguirre , max ; mrha , jean ; calger , christopher f .
cc : schoppe , tammie
subject : weekly reports
could you all add to your weekly reports a p / l statement breaking down your income to date this year . it is difficult to actually break down the numbers in the weekly p / l sheets delivered by wes ' s group . a break down on your weekly reports would be great .
please could you email all weekly reports to tammie schoppe on a friday ( and copy me ) and tammie will distribute to john . i have spent some time this week bringing john up to speed on everybody ' s areas and what you each have going on .
tammie has all of my contact numbers and will be in contact with me . i am sure i will be back in contact in the next few weeks and i will be picking up email after i initially come to terms with the lack of sleep etc .
take care
louise