Subject: fw : kitchen / nettleton tax and misc issues
louise ,
press the button and we ' ll make below happen .
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : rozen , tara
sent : wednesday , may 16 , 2001 1 : 18 pm
to : oxley , david
cc : chuck . k . debenon @ us . pwcglobal . com
subject : kitchen / nettleton tax and misc issues
david
further to our conversation last week , i have managed to get some information that i hope will be useful for louise , although i am still unclear about the exact circumstances / issues .
1 ) there should not be a problem with louise ' s 2000 return in terms of her name . nettleton was listed on the return and kitchen was listed on the estimated payment vouchers . as long as the social security numbers are the same , it is unlikely that there will be any issue with the irs but if they do come back to lousie asking for clarification , pwc will write them a letter explaining the situation and that will be it .
2 ) issues with louise ' s 2001 return . if possible , pwc houston suggest that if louise ' s social security card says nettleton ( still not sure about this as pwc do not ask for copies of the ss cards ) , then any information that the company sends to the irs must also list her name as nettleton . louise ' s us payroll has the name kitchen and thus w 2 will have the name kitchen . if she would like to change her name and the company documents , she can do this via a form on the web http : / / isc . enron . com / dynamic / hrforms / hr % 20 form - personal % 20 data % 20 change . doc .
3 ) in order for louise to change her name to nettleton in the uk , according to julie this is what needs to happen : " we only require a certified copy of the marriage certificate , and then both london hr service and enron london payroll should be notified . the service centre should change her name , payroll will advise the providers , such as shareplan , and benefits " . pwc london have confirmed that if louise wishes to change her name to nettleton with the uk tax office , they will be happy to write a letter on her behalf advising them as such . they will await her confirmation before doing so , though .
chuck - if any of the above is incorrect of if you wish to add anything , please do so asap so that david can get back with louise .
regards
tara