Subject: pep for jean mrha
i regret to decline to review jean . i went through the form for her but was not able to provide nearly enough meaningful feedback to justify . i have worked a lot with jean over time , but mostly indirectly this period . we have had occasional interaction ( a couple brief meetings and a couple phone conversations ) about the development and status of the wellhead book . in addition , she did attend one of the inter - departmental wellhead book meetings that i hosted and we have collaborated on analysts / associates , but i have not really worked closely with her this period . she may feel that we have worked more together that we have based on the time i have spent with john grass and others related to the wellhead book , but my direct interaction with her has been minimal .
on the positive side , she has been very helpful by identifying good analysts / associates for me . she thinks highly of gas structuring as a rotation opportunity and she is one of my best advocates with the analysts / associates . she worked with me to let me take kelli little ( assoc ) when some of the deals she was working on were put on hold . furthermore , she has forwarded resumes and / or had individuals contact me several times this period .
on the negative side , i am not sure why she seemingly let john grass struggle so long in the development of the wellhead book . i know she championed the idea and sold the idea to the office of the chair , but from my perspective she gave the ball to john and turned her attention too quickly to other opportunities . the wellhead book is john ' s responsibility , but it ultimately rests with her . with john ' s relatively short time in ena and his lack of network , she could have aided in giving him more direction and support from the outset . to her credit she seems more engaged lately , especially with the producer 1 initiative .
i hope that helps . i would be happy to answer any questions you may have or discuss further as necessary .
regards ,
ed
ps . congratulations on the birth of your baby ! i hope you are enjoying the time off .