Subject: leading industry firm releases ercot electricity price forecast
study : a new market takes shape
due to the rescheduled ercot market trials , henwood will be hosting its ercot pma workshop on wednesday , june 20 th , instead of tuesday , june 12 th . ercot at the crossroads a new market takes shape wednesday , june 20 , 2001 8 : 00 a . m . - 3 : 00 p . m . hyatt regency downtown houston , houston , tx a team of henwood regional power market specialists will be presenting the latest analysis and information to assist you in the ercot power market , in addition to an analysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc markets . registration and breakfast will begin at 8 : 00 am and the program will run until 3 : 00 pm . lunch will also be provided . agenda topics include : * wholesale generation outlook and how to make a profit in the future overbuilt ercot market ? * how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices ? * what are the new analytical tools available to capture market volatility and uncertainty impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets ? * what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience and the implications to ercot ? * how can you learn to develop profitable operations in the ercot market ? * how can internet based e - business tools help identify and track power plant activity in ercot ? * how valuable is it to you to know the operational data of your competitors on an hourly basic ? in conjunction with this program , henwood will have a demonstration room available to present its latest software applications and e - business solutions . a $ 350 registration fee is required to reserve a space in the workshop . to reserve space now , please register online at www . henwoodenergy . com / html / events . html . limited space is available , so make sure to register early ! we will have a drawing for a new pda at 1 : 00 pm during lunch and the winner must be present . please review the agenda online and feel free to call me directly if you have any questions or need additional information about the ercot workshop . hope to see you houston on the 20 th of june ! sincerely , mark g . foster director - strategic advisory services 916 - 569 - 0985 ext . 480