Subject: re : report for louise
that ' s correct . percopo works for lee .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 1 : 55 pm
to : deffner , joseph
subject : re : report for louise
the numbers look good .
return date - june 18 th .
is lee above bob ? i presume so - don ' t mind the dinner but some time at the end of june .
regards
louise
from : joseph deffner / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 pm
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : report for louise
hey there ! congrats with scott william . i hope all is going well . fifteen days and counting till our third arrival . i ' ve attached the dash that documented the divestiture . the quick summary of the economics per heather kroll are as follows :
original basis of $ 8 mm .
signed the purchase and sale agreement on may 16 for $ 22 mm ( gain of $ 14 mm )
sold put for $ 3 . 5 mm with $ 1 . 7 mm granted to origination . i don ' t know for sure what the desk booked .
the coal supply contract resulted in $ 5 mm mark to market to egm .
the ferc 203 filing has been made regarding market power . they are not expecting any issues with ferc or the north carolina commission and expect final approval by the beginning of july .
net gain of about $ 21 mm on transaction .
chris lee , the managing partner of highstar , has requested the opportunity to take you and i out to dinner sometime after you ' ve returned and settled back in to discuss the merits of enron ' s investment in highstar . if that ' s of interest let me know and i can schedule some time .
once again , congratulations . do you have an expected return date yet ?
joe
>
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : schoppe , tammie
sent : tuesday , may 29 , 2001 4 : 18 pm
to : deffner , joseph
subject : report for louise
hi joe ,
louise would like you to send her an update on aig highstar via email . please let me know if you have any questions .
thanks ,
tammie
x 34220