Subject: your invitation to enron ' s executive forum - june 20 , 2001
your invitation to enron ' s executive forum
the office of the chairman would like to invite you to participate in an enron executive forum . this invitation is extended to those who attended an executive impact and influence program within the past few years . these informal , interactive forums will be approximately 90 minutes in length and held several times per year .
most of the participants in the executive impact and influence program have indicated a strong desire to express opinions , share ideas , and ask questions to the office of the chairman . although attendance is not mandatory , the forums are designed to address those issues . they also afford the office of the chairman opportunities to speak directly to its executive team , describe plans and initiatives , do " reality checks " , create a " rallying point " and ensure enron ' s executive management is on the " same page " about where enron is going - - - and why .
we realize that individuals based outside the united states will not want to make a special trip to attend the meeting , but may be able to attend one of the sessions while they are in houston on other business . we also hope to schedule a similar session in london later this year .
we currently have a session planned for :
wednesday , june 20 , 2001 from 3 : 00 p . m . to 4 : 30 p . m . in houston , eb 50 m
the office of the chairman will host the forum . here ' s how it will work :
? each session will have approximately 25 participants .
? the format will be honest , open , interactive dialogue .
? this will be your forum . don ' t expect to simply sit and listen to presentations .
? this will not be the place for anonymity . you can safely ask your own questions and express your own opinions .
? you can submit questions / issues in advance or raise them during the forum .
? some examples of topics you might want to discuss include , but are not limited to : the
direction of enron , business goals / results , m & a activities , projects / initiatives , culture , leadership , management practices , diversity , values , etc .
because the forum will work only if everyone actively participates , we encourage you to accept this invitation only if you intend to have something to say and if you are willing to allow others to do the same . we also ask that you refrain from canceling your attendance once enrolled so that we will not have to cancel the forum . the office of the chairman is very willing to take valuable time from their busy schedules to hold these forums . enrollments will be on a first come first served basis and we hope you would be able to honor your commitment to attend . for planning purposes , it is essential that you rsvp no later than monday , june 11 , 2001 by return e - mail to debbie nowak , or via fax 713 . 646 . 8586 .
we will confirm your registration with you , in writing and forward a list of enrollees to the office of the chairman .
should you have any questions or concerns , please notify gerry gibson via e - mail ( gerry . gibson @ enron . com ) . gerry can also be reached at 713 . 345 . 6806 .
thank you .