Subject: upstream products and bhlp hotlist update
louise ,
please find the attached update of all potential transactions and relevant p & l associated with upstream products / bhlp . if you have any questions , please contact me at work ( x 31931 ) or on my mobile ( 713 - 302 - 4187 ) .
quick updates by group :
? storage - we have been working a great deal with regulatory affairs to assess and get over the regulatory risk associated with the monetization structure . we ( steffes / myself ) are having a conference call with skadden arps this coming monday . ( skadden arps was the firm that wrote the opinion letter to northern indemifying the pipeline of regulatory risk from the monetization of their pad gas . ) if you wish , i have a presentation delivered to skadden regarding our proposed structure that i could forward to you .
? compression - getting prices is still an issue . aucoin and et . al , have moved to six and we have dedicated a resource ( john kiani - who rotated through ees underwriting and understands ees ' batch models ) to help facilitate pricing . upstream products has received most of the origination expected from phase i , formosa . i left a voice message ( in addition to the prior emails ) with goodpasture to negotiate origination between ecf and ena for the storage deal hilgert / bilberry negotiated on their behalf .
? wellhead desk - is moving to 32 , next to natural gas structuring , in order to be closer to logistics and have recorded phone lines for otc transactions . there have been many issues with our internal systems as well as logistics that are too numerous too mention . let us suffice to say , it has been a long two weeks .
? ecommerce - i think that the andex vpp and outsourcing deal will close next week . i have proposed a pricing structure to phil ballard and hopefully , thompson will concur . he is on vacation , but ballard thought it was very reasonable .
? production offshore - i am working with tom to dismantle the group and associated responsibilities .
regards , mrha