Subject: dissolution of production offshore
louise ,
i hope that everything is well with you . much has happened during the past two weeks and i will try to be as brief as possible .
? based on conversations and internal decisions that have occurred , tom byargeon and myself have decided to dissolve production offshore by the end of second quarter . i have spoken with john regarding this commercial structural change and have also renegotiated the 2001 upstream products expected margin to $ 30 mm . ( the expected budget from production offshore was $ 20 mm out of the $ 50 mm for upstream products . )
? i have attached a document that tom has drafted outlining the remaining project responsibilities , market representation , and personnel redeployment .
the following individuals within production offshore have yet to be redeployed :
1 . tom byargeon - he has been offered an opportunity to work with randy maffett , vice president - wholesale origination , egm . tom also will be meeting with dave duran tomorrow morning to discuss opportunities that exist within generation investments or northeast power origination .
in addition , i want him to consider leading the ecommerce / producer one effort for upstream products . i desperately need a dedicated senior commercial person with contract negotiations expertise that can also see the financing opportunities that exist for producer segment ( i . e . , wellhead connects , metering and monitoring equipment , etc . ) through a producer one transaction . however , tom has surmised that higher commercial visibility will be achieved by working on the financing of large asset deals within egm or perhaps , in duran ' s group . i have assured him that the commercialization of the back and mid office is just as important if not more important to enron ' s upper management . plus , i feel the closing of these outsourcing transactions will be more numerous by the end of the year than the other origination opportunities offered .
i know that he greatly respects your opinion . if you could contact him ( x 30650 ) or drop him an email with your commercial perspective , i am sure that the correspondence would be greatly appreciated .
2 . kevin miller - mostly likely will focus on marketing and closing producer ecommerce transactions . in addition , kevin has a very strong crude and processing background . this experience would complement the producer one effort as well support the processing needs of the wellhead desk . he could have career opportunities with egm , but overall , is very enthusiastic about ena ' s producer ecommerce commercial platform .
3 . kenn loch - has a very technical background suited for deepwater projects . since the responsibility for mariner is within ecr , allan keel may be interested in his background . also , since the responsibility for the megs / pluto deal should be transferred to ecr , kenn would be an appropriate resource for that transaction as well .
4 . lisa druzbik - is very familiar with the accounting details behind megs / pluto . has opportunities are within ecr and ees . most of her background is within the e & p sector .
? i have spoken with scott josey about the impending dissolution of production offshore . since megs / pluto is a deal with mariner ( and since enron owns 97 % of mariner , the deal is analogous to doing a transaction with oneself ) , he concurs with me that the transaction should be evaluated with the overall restructure or potential sale of mariner . should i transfer over to ecr all 2001 capital charges and associated earnings related to megs / pluto ? should this transfer occur as of the beginning of the year or at the end of second quarter ? the ytd margin associated with this project is approximately $ 3 mm .
i look forward to hearing from you .
regards , mrha