Subject: gtv weekly project status update
please find below the gtv weekly project status update and the attached file for the updated project time lines .
gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , francis lim , chuck ames , geoff storey , karima husain , jay krish , mike swaim , nayan dattani , george grant , dave nommensen , narasim kasaru , dat truong .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes for the view aggregation have been completed .
o expandable total in cash position has been completed .
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o phase 1 of single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test .
? gas daily deals :
o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms have been worked on , and are in user test .
o curve shift reports are under development and will be completed this week .
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o changes to portcalc application have been completed and in user test .
o the option delta change forward month report has been completed and in user test .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
plans for the week ending 6 / 8 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase i items .
o changes to curve shift report for gdi calc .
o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions .
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
issues / open items :
none
notes
? portcalc changes for gas daily and cpr deals have been taking longer than originally estimated due to new items and complexities uncovered during development .
? the user acceptance test for cash position in tds has been held up by the portcalc changes .
? for phase 1 single point of deal entry for term deals , the user acceptance test uncovered some additional work needed . the team has been working closely with geof , chuck , russ and george to provide the needed functionalities .
? the user has been testing the changes for gas daily options ( phase 2 ) for the last few weeks . it development was completed a few weeks ago . no new changes have been requested .
thanks
zhiyong