Subject: bhlp and upstream products update
louise ,
please find attached the attached update of all potential transactions and relevant p & l associated with upstream products and bhlp .
quick updates by group :
? storage : i am having a phone call with dave neubauer , v . p . ets , to discuss northern ' s monetization of their gas . in addition , skadden arps because of their workload associated with representating el paso in california has delayed our meeting for another two weeks . i have expressed my extreme displeasure and am seeking other appropriate legal firms who are well versed in regulatory affairs to advise us on the our storage monetization structure . paul continues to get very positive feedback from clients . we can not move forward without addressing the regulatory risk related to our financing structure . steffes is aware of my frustration .
? compression - moving forward on pricing from ees . oakhill and baygas still look promising to close this quarter . chris met with duke and after the meeting , decided that baygas could not be closed until third quarter . received an email from goodpasture that cc ' d prentiss - have not had time to address it . will do so tomorrow .
? wellhead desk - moved to 32 . p & l is lower due to " system issues " between tagg and sitara for the booking of some wellhead transactions .
? ecommerce - had a successful meeting with apache . still waiting on the andex vpp to close . thompson has been on vacation or has been sick .
? production offshore - i am continuing to work with tom to reallocate employees and associated responsibilities . i have not received any word from john regarding who will take on the p & l responsibility associated with megs / pluto . in my mind , it should be under allan keel , ecr , since he is working on the restructure / sale of mariner . tom will inform me tomorrow of his decision to stay within ena or to go to egm .
i also met with the origination regional heads ( luce , vickers and tycholiz ) and shared with them a modified version of the " hot list update " worksheet . i am trying to work with them to develop joint product / general origination opportunities . i have not been given any feedback regarding the deals or customers listed .
an update on bridgeline :
randy curry visited with me this past week . he would like to hire some individuals into bridgeline and it is his understanding that the " board resolved " to hire new employees through enron ' s benefit plan . i do not like this type of exposure for the company . enron takes on all the benefit and hiring risk , but does not manage the human capital . in my mind , randy has dragged his feet on implementing a benefits plan and hiring appropriate human resources . in addition , i am extremely annoyed that he will not sign the compensation plan because it nullifies his texaco contract . randy gets the best of both worlds - to be a bridgeline or texaco employee contingent on the situation .
i have tried contacting robyn davis , texaco board member , and we have been playing phone tag . in addition , i have met with jeanie slone and am meeting with david oxley tomorrow to discuss the overall bhlp situation .
regards , mrha