Subject: fw : ena / ees sic codes
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : calger , christopher f .
sent : friday , june 08 , 2001 3 : 31 pm
to : lavorato , john
subject : fw : ena / ees sic codes
john ,
i talked with dave . in addition to his original list we have agreed to the following .
primary metals - ok
refining - ok
grain and meat processing - too broad . baughman should pursue deals but this category includes lots of small retail load . dave will think of solution .
cement - ok
auto - ok on big 3 , not the parts suppliers
aerospace - no - ees has global outsourcing with boeing and lockheed martin ( the two biggest )
paper manufacturing - includes all forest products - ok
glass - no - they have outsourcing with the largest companies already
in general , this seems reasonable , subject to middle - ground on dealing with agricultural processors . fyi baughman is negotiating with archer daniels midland re a 300 mw high load factor grain processing load and luce has several deals with meat and grain processors .
chris
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : calger , christopher f .
sent : friday , june 08 , 2001 1 : 01 pm
to : lavorato , john
subject : ena / ees sic codes
john ,
i surveyed the group . in general , people are fine but we should ask for a bit more . this should apply to us only as milnthorp has already cut a separate deal with janet .
ees proposed that they own all sic codes except the following :
mining
oil and gas extraction
paper manufacturing
chemical manufacturing
petroleum and coal manufacturing
plastics and rubber products manufacturing
fertilizer industry
rail transportation
in our discussion with dave , we suggested and he agreed that primary metals should be added
in discussions with the different regions :
ena should add :
refining
grain processing - baughman and luce
meat processing - luce
cement manufacturing - luce
auto manufacturing - luce , baughman
aerospace manufacturing - tycholiz , baughman
heavy industrial equipment manufacturing ( caterpillar , john deere ) - baughman
paper manufacturing should include - pulp , board , lumber , etc .
glass manufacturing - luce ( i suspect dave will resist this because of their owens corning deals )
let me know if there is anything else i should do .
chris