Subject: organizational changes
we are pleased to announce the following organizational changes :
enron global assets and services
in order to increase senior management focus on our international businesses , we are creating a new business unit , enron global assets and services ( egas ) . egas will be led by kevin hannon , chief executive officer , and jim hughes , chief operating officer . kevin will report to the enron corp . office of the chairman . with the exception of the wessex water company ( which will remain in the enron transportation services organization ) and enron india ( discussed below ) , egas will include all of the assets and activities of the former enron global assets group and the azurix organization . egas will include enron ' s assets and merchant activities in south america . in order to ensure continuity in the management of our south american merchant business , john lavorato will remain responsible for those merchant activities . john will report to kevin hannon with respect to the south american merchant business , and will continue to report to the enron wholesale services office of the chairman for all other activities in his role as chief executive officer of enron americas .
enron india
enron ' s significant interests in india are commanding increased attention from enron ' s senior management . we are pleased to announce that rebecca mcdonald will focus exclusively on enron ' s business in india , as chief executive officer of enron india , reporting to the enron corp . office of the chairman .
enron broadband services
with kevin ' s departure from enron broadband services ( ebs ) , we are also making a number of changes in the ebs organization . jim fallon will now be president and chief operating officer of ebs . paul racicot , marcello romano and fred cohagan will maintain their ebs risk management activities within their respective regions . dave cox will continue as chief commercial officer of ebs and will also join ken rice and jim fallon in the ebs office of the chairman . finally , rick fehl will continue as vice president of network engineering and chief network officer but will now report to the ebs office of the chairman .
enron principal investments
in order to better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to enron ' s core businesses , we are combining the existing investment groups in ena , ebs , enron investment partners and the enron special asset group into a single unit , enron principal investments . enron principal investments will work with all enron business units to identify , execute , and manage equity investments that leverage enron ' s unique and proprietary knowledge . these investments may be in the form of venture capital , leveraged buy - outs , traditional private equity and distressed debt positions . this new business unit will be headed by kevin garland , managing director , and will report to an investment committee consisting of dave delainey , ken rice , and greg whalley .
enron corporate development
in order to improve coordination of enron ' s corporate development activities , we are consolidating these activities under andy fastow , executive vice president and chief financial officer . jeff donahue , managing director of corporate development for ebs will now head corporate development across enron . corporate development leaders in the business units will have a dual reporting relationship to their business units and to jeff .
one of enron ' s most compelling challenges is the sale of certain assets or businesses that are no longer core operations . mark metts , executive vice president of enron corp . , will head up a new special projects group to specifically focus on the completion of some of these more challenging transactions .
please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their new responsibilities .