Subject: weekly status update for gtv
please see below for the weekly status update of the gtv ii project and the attached file for the updated project timeline .
gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , geoff storey , karima husain , jay krish , mike swaim , nayan dattani , george grant , dave nommensen , bill fortney , chuck ames .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes for the view aggregation have been completed .
o expandable total in cash position has been completed .
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o phase 1 of single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test .
? gas daily deals :
o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user test .
o the development for the curve shift reports has been completed .
o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions is in test .
? saving different views in tds :
o completed and is currently in test .
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
plans for the week ending 6 / 22 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase i items .
o optimize the position manager ' s performance .
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o new process for roll - up aggregator on an ad hoc basis .
o change portcalc to value spread options .
o option reports ( pl reports ) .
issues / open items :
none
notes
? the testing of phase 1 single point of deal entry for term deals uncovered a couple of existing issues with sitara trade blotter .
? a couple of issues need to be looked at regarding portcalc and the curve shift report for gas daily options .
thanks
zhiyong