Subject: call
hi louise ,
welcome back !
i trust everything is ok at home ? how are you coping ?
my assistant told me that you tried to call me . . . . . . . . what ' s the subject ? , general catch - up ? , want to know what zhiyong wants to see you for , pick up where we left off ?
i imagine you must also be very busy , so soon after your return to work . . . so here ' s a start . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . where we left off . . .
just before you left , i tried to get to see you to discuss the whole consolidation of gas systems issue . we ' ve been working through something called gas trading vision 2 , which in my mind wasn ' t really a " vision " , but more of a series of " fixes " to the exisitng systems .
i had got some overview flow diagrams completed for all the gas systems , and after asking lots of questions about how these systems evolved , started drawing some conclusions about why we appear to be in such a state . apart from the obvious overlap of our several gas systems , it occured to me that our huge team size had quite a lot to do with sheer number of technologies employed as well as the the sheer number of moving inter - related parts . for each technology employed , that skill set has to be present in the team supporting it , and most of the time these guys are not mult - skilled , so we end up with lots of individual skill sets that can ' t be transfered easily .
what i wanted to propose , was a serious , incremental effort , to consolidate the systems and to decommission the old ones as we went along . this would free up resources , and with a smaller technology set make them more responsive and flexible so they could be used to add value .
note : this is not a sitara 2 , not big bang . . . . this is an incremental approach . . . .
while you ' ve been gone , we ' ve been getting together to discuss this , ( a lot harder than expected ! ) , and have started to make a stab at identifying the component pieces , technology choices , biggest commercial impact etc . . . . and have some pre - liminary direction .
is this something you would back ? . . . . or am i wasting my time ? ( before you write this off completely , i would like the opportunity of talking to you about it
zhiyong wei . . .
he is probably going to ask you where you stand on project initiatives like the one above , as well as ask you what your overall vision is for the gas trading systems .
regards
steve