Subject: ( no subject )
ms . kitchen
my name is matthew bray and i would be interested in speaking to you about
any potential commercial development opportunities that might be available in
your group at enron . i have been consulting for several energy companies over
the last nine months but am now seeking a full time commercial development
position with a leading energy company . i believe my gas and power
development experience , knowledge of all sectors in the energy value chain
and ability to secure customers would allow me to contribute to the bottom
line success of your group .
enclosed below is a copy of my resume . please let me know if you would like
to discuss in more detail . i can be reached at this email address or by phone
at ( 512 ) 346 - 4974 . i look forward to talking to you soon .
regards
matt bray
matthew l . bray
6000 shepherd mountain cove # 212
austin , tx 78730
phone : ( 512 ) 346 - 4974
email : mlbray @ aol . com
profile
energy professional with established track record in natural gas / power
trading , pipeline / storage project development , long - term supply marketing and
business development . demonstrated success in capital raising , strategic
partnering and m & a . ability to initiate and complete projects , acquire new
customers , negotiate strategic alliances and produce bottom line results in a
fast paced , evolving environment .
experience
have spent the last seven months consulting for various energy and technology
companies . consulting projects have included :
? cost / benefit , competitive and economic analysis of the deregulated ercot
power market for electricity marketer
? market research and writing business plan for americas development group
( adg ) , a partnership between us / mexico chamber of commerce and organization
of american states . adg is pursuing and building energy infrastructure
development projects throughout latin america
? assisting energy company with financing and development of natural gas
storage facility
founder , president and ceo 1999 to 2000
energystorehouse . com . , houston , texas
initiated and pursued business opportunity to develop and launch online
auction site for surplus equipment in the energy and chemical industries .
company acquired by energyprism . com in june 2000
? recruited management team members and board of directors
? secured customer commitments to post equipment upon launch of the
marketplace
? worked closely with auction service provider to develop and implement
online marketplace
? developed detailed understanding of energy e - commerce market fundamentals
and business models of potential competitors
? responsibilities also included devising operations and technology plans and
negotiating revenue sharing agreements with sales channel partners
manager , storage and asset management 1998 to 1999
columbia energy group , houston , texas
reporting to senior vice president - trading , hired to manage group with $ 7
million / year in earnings responsible for optimizing natural gas storage and
pipeline capacity leased throughout north america .
? coordinated with physical , financial , retail trading groups and asset
management customers to fully maximize storage and pipeline assets
? developed and implemented financial and marketing strategies for joint
venture with $ 12 million / year in revenues with louisiana local distribution
company
? managed gas supply and storage operations for 8 municipalities located in
tennessee valley region
? identified and negotiated major pipeline and storage asset acquisitions
? utilized financial instruments including futures , options and swaps to
mitigate commodity price risk
power trader 1997
koch energy trading , inc . , houston , texas
? performed hourly and next day power trading activities in wscc , ercot , spp ,
ecar , main and serc regions
? reserved and confirmed transmission capacity to capitalize on arbitrage
opportunities
? analyze domestic power generation requirements to develop short and
long - term trading strategy
? developed and maintained key business relationships with utilities and
power marketers
matthew l . bray - page 2
texaco natural gas inc .
1994 to 1998
possessed various management positions in texaco ' s natural gas trading ,
business development and natural gas pipeline subsidiaries .
manager , gulf coast marketing , houston , texas july 1997 to
june 1998
managed group with $ 4 million / year in earnings providing natural gas trading
and marketing services in the gulf coast region . accomplishments included
assisting with successful joint venture negotiation with electronic trading
company , drafting business plan to develop marketing , financial and risk
strategy for three year period and managed successful development and
implementation of new natural gas scheduling system . responsibilities also
included negotiating long - term storage contracts with natural gas storage
facilities in the gulf coast region .
marketing representative , calgary , alberta , canada may
1996 to march 1997
international relocation to open satellite marketing office for new $ 40
million natural gas storage facility in canada . responsible for employee
staffing , system implementation , marketing storage services and initiating
customer relationships . negotiated long and short - term storage agreements
with producers , marketers and utilities and pursued joint venture / strategic
alliance opportunities in western canada .
business development representative , houston , texas jan 1994
to may 1996 position responsibilities included increasing physical
capacity and utilization of company owned natural gas pipeline assets .
negotiated completion of three pipeline interconnects , development of natural
gas compressor facility and successful acquisition of natural gas gathering
system . served as primary customer contact on natural gas pipeline
transportation rates and operational issues . negotiated long - term firm
natural gas pipeline transportation agreements with estimated revenue of $ 12
million .
personal profile
education : university of houston , master of business administration - 1999
university of texas at austin , bachelor of business administration
management - 1993
activities : founding member - americas development group
fall 1996 texaco outstanding contributor award
downtown houston association - emerging leaders committee
national energy services association
houston energy association
delta tau delta fraternity
gulf coast united way volunteer
central texas alzheimer ' s association
certified scuba diver
golf , racquetball , tennis