Subject: re : aig highstar
louise ,
we were trying to set a meeting for thursday when brian returns from japan , but based on your note it may not be necessary . brian and i have discussed and we do not see this developmental activity fitting the new charter of eeos . the opportunities if any would have to be for nepco and based on the activity in the year , it is difficult to see a cost / benefit analysis favorable for them . we support your decision of transferring the ownership of this endeavor to ea . we could work a deal with respect to potential benefit via nepco based on a finder ' s fee concept to ea if the fund provides a negotiated project for nepco .
my check of the accounting agrees with yours and we will need to work out a transfer concept for the monies paid to - date . as far as the asset is concerned , the only relief we could provide is of the aspirin variety for our bosses as we end up in wholesale also .
keith
louise kitchen @ ect 07 / 02 / 2001 08 : 57 am to : brian stanley / eu / enron @ enron , keith dodson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : aig highstar
keith / brian ,
the following money has been sent to aig highstar to date . this week we will be asked for further monies ( probably around $ 650 , 000 each )
to pay for the acquisition of alamac from enron .
eeos $ 914 , 107
ena 914 , 107
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
$ 1 , 828 , 214 ( fundings made in 12 \ 00 and 2 \ 01 )
i would suggest that we look at transferring all of this to enron americas as we are actively managing the position ( or rather looking at potential exit strategies ) bearing in mind the new status of eeos . the management of this is done by joe deffner as the primary role of this fund was to be a new vehicle for financing similar to ljm . obviously , enron americas does not want the asset so if you do , please keep it .
i am meeting with the head of funds at aig in a july to discuss the future of this fund further . let me know what you want to do .
thanks
louise