Subject: re : opportunity for you to be interviewed by authors of a deloitte
thode , eric
subject : opportunity for you to be interviewed by authors of a deloitte & touche book on e business
do i do this ? probably will unless you guys say no - let me know by monday .
thanks
louise
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2001 05 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : george wood / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 29 / 2001 09 : 09 am
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc : tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect
subject : opportunity for you to be interviewed by authors of a deloitte i work for epmi in nepool with john llodra and report to ed baughman .
i am writing to ask if you would speak with my brother - in - law , dave gautschi , a partner with deloitte & touche , who is co - authoring a book on e - businesses called net markets ( see attached outline and reproduction of the cover ) . the focus of the book is to " ? ? take a business executives perspective on the implications of b 2 b emarketplaces on their business and overall business environment globally . it will lead the reader through the basic options for implementing real valuable b 2 b tools and technologies . it will then move to more and more complex and valuable b 2 b opportunities . more importantly , it will identify and articulate the day - to - day business implications of ebusiness . "
dave , a phd in mathematics ( go figure ) , a former marketing professor , a folk singer ( he leads our family in song fests ) and just a great guy is intrigued / impressed with enron on line ( who isn ' t ) and would very much like your insights . i believe the exposure to both deloitte and the readers of this book would be great for enron in general and enron on line specifically .
if you are available please call his research assistant mike russell at 206 - 215 - 4285 to arrange a time to talk ( they will be very responsive as their manuscript deadline is late july ) . i am reachable today on my cell at 617 - 733 - 8713 and on vacation next week but claudette harvey will know where to reach me .
thanks for your consideration and enjoy your new young one ( kids are great , i have two )
george " woody " wood
> >