Subject: fw : southern cone power report : brazilian crisis deepens but
voluntary conservation is strong - - for now - cera monthly briefing
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : webmaster @ cera . com [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ]
sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 9 : 01 pm
to : insights @ cera . com
subject : southern cone power report : brazilian crisis deepens but
voluntary conservation is strong - - for now - cera monthly briefing
title : brazilian power markets : prices hit maximum as rationing plan begins
url ( s ) :
southern cone power report : brazilian crisis deepens but voluntary
conservation is strong - - for now
on june 1 , brazil implemented the first phase of a voluntary rationing plan ,
including consumption quotas for each consumer class , in an effort to avoid
rolling blackouts later in the year . demand grew strongly in the first months
of the year , but recent evidence suggests that the voluntary conservation
scheme was largely successful in june . thermal generation has also increased
significantly , but new thermal power plants will not be online until after the
next rainy season begins .
* southeast hydro reservoirs fell to 28 . 6 percent of maximum by june 26 , while
northeast reservoir levels were just 24 . 9 percent of maximum .
* conservation will have to be deep and sustained for many months to achieve
the needed demand reduction .
* government initiatives to promote new generation capacity may have serious
long - term implications for the development of a competitive power
market .
* * end * *
see attachment .
follow abover url for complete monthly briefing ( 7 printed pages ) .
e - mail category : monthly briefing
cera knowledge area ( s ) : latin american energy
to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :
forgot your username and password ? go to :
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot
this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information
from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is
confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,
in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .
terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos
questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com
copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates