Subject: renewal notice for your domain name ( s )
dear register . com subscriber ,
the domain name ( s ) listed below will expire on :
wed , aug 08 , 2001 .
register . com offers the following renewal features :
1 - quick renew , the easy renewal feature you can use at any time
or
2 - saferenew ( tm ) , our automatic renewal service . the domain
names below may be enrolled in this feature . see
below for more information .
in order to protect your online identity , it is recommended that
you renew your domain name ( s ) now using our easy quick renew
feature . click on the link ( s ) below or copy and paste
the appropriate link ( which may be broken into two lines ) into
the address or location field of your web browser for each
domain name you would like to renew :
expiration date : wed , aug 08 , 2001
mousemillions . com
mousemaniacs . com
the domains above are enrolled in saferenew automatic renewal
service . this means that upon expiration , we will automatically
renew these domain name ( s ) and charge the credit card on file
for the domain name ( s ) for one additional year of registration at
$ 34 . 99 per name . this service will ensure
that these domain names are secured in the registry for one
additional year from the current expiration date .
to verify that your billing and credit card information is current ,
please log into domain manager at http : / / mydomain . register . com
and click on the billing contact link .
if you do not wish to use register . com ' s saferenew automatic
renewal service , you may either renew your name ( s ) now through
quick renew , or visit the following url to log in to
disable the service :
questions ? for more information on renewing your
domain name ( s ) through register . com , please visit :
http : / / www . register . com / faq / renewal . cgi
to contact a customer support representative online ,
please visit :
or call :
toll free in the u . s . and canada : ( 877 ) 209 - 1434
outside the u . s . and canada : + 1 ( 212 ) 798 - 9277
all domain name registrations and renewals are subject to the
terms and conditions of our services agreement , which can be
found at :
thank you for using register . com , the first step on the web ( tm ) .
customer support
register . com , inc .
http : / / www . register . com
- copy and pasting instructions -
highlight the url with your cursor . once you have highlighted
the url , hit ctrl + c ( for mac " open apple " + c ) to copy the
highlighted area .
open an internet browser window and click in the address or
location field . hit ctrl + v ( for mac " open apple " + v ) to paste
the url into the address field . if necessary , repeat this
process with the second line of the url . please be sure to
delete spaces if there are any in the url - otherwise
you will not be able to connect to the proper page .
once you have entered and looked over the url , hit the ' enter '
or ' return ' key on your keyboard . the web page displayed will
allow you to renew your domain name ( s ) .
notification id : 1221927