Subject: re : originations schedule
faith :
here is a spreadsheet that summarizes the individual contributions for west power middle market and west power services . a couple thoughts :
- please make sure the dollars are distributed to the individuals so credit is given where credit is due . although i wish i made the money currently indicated in the tables , obviously the numbers represent the total for all of us .
- services desk p & l is the responsibility of greg wolfe and he is a leading originator for the coverage group . the attached table reflects the sum of both groups .
- some of the contributors to middle market west power are non - commercial ( cocke , rawson ) while others are not technically in the middle market group although the p 2 ) number of transactions ; 3 ) number of different counter parties transacting ; and 4 ) number of eol clients brought in . quantifying these few items should be relatively simple and go a long way toward measuring coverage .
we currently measure these coverage metrics and it is my understanding that other middle marketing groups do as well . it should be relatively simple to begin assimilating this data and including it in the data you are collecting for all of ena middle market .
perhaps non - middle market origination groups can measure certain behaviors as well .
let me know if you have any questions .
thanks !
chris
503 / 464 - 3822
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : killen , faith
sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 8 : 29 am
to : foster , chris h .
subject : fw : originations schedule
importance : high
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : killen , faith
sent : wednesday , july 04 , 2001 1 : 55 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc : colwell , wes ; schoppe , tammie
subject : originations schedule
importance : high
hi louise ,
as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator .
we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts :
? by team
? by originator ( sorted alphabetically )
? by originator ( sorted by value )
? top 10 overall originators by value
? top 10 originators - gas
? top 10 originators - power
an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases .
we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . )
please let me know if you need any additional information !
>