Subject: fw : project sugarcane
fyi . . . i did not notice your name on the list .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : redmond , brian
sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 1 : 02 pm
to : mrha , jean ; miller , don ; slone , jeanie ; koehler , anne c . ; gray , barbara n . ; deffner , joseph ; coffey jr . , jim ; denetsosie , troy ; carter , carol ; douglas , stephen h . ; owen , david ; wilson , garry d . ; yanowski , tommy j . ; gorny , vladimir
subject : project sugarcane
importance : high
to all :
please let me know your availability to attend a kickoff meeting next thursday at 9 : 00 am for the sale of enron interest in bridgeline holdings ( project sugarcane ) . if another representative from your functional area will attend , please let me know and forward this email to him / her .
please keep information related to this project confidential with respect to both third parties and those currently working for bridgeline .
thank you ,
brian
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mrha , jean
sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 11 : 21 am
to : kitchen , louise
cc : redmond , brian ; miller , don ; carter , carol
subject : bhlp
importance : high
please find attached the following items :
? memorandum outlining immediate tasks to prepare for the sale of ena ' s forty percent interest in the bridgeline holdings limited partnership with chevron / texaco .
? worksheet demarcating the composition of all investments associated with bridgeline . currently , capital investments associated with enron no . 1 have not been included with the rest of bridgeline investments . ena is contributing this strorage facility to satisfy our capital contribution as outlined in schedule 3 , volume i ( project hurricane ) .
? draft outline of initial strategy for " project sugarcane . " this outline authored by brian redmond identifies the following :
i . deal strategy
ii . potential structure and counter - parties
ii . pre - sale conditions
iv . proposed taskforce
in addition , brian and i met with don miller this past week and gave him an overview of the partnership , its inherent assets and deal history .
mrha