Subject: gtv project status weekly update
please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes are underlined .
gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , francis lim , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , george grant , bill fortney , karima husain , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , chuck ames , geoff storey .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes for the view aggregation have been completed .
o expandable total in cash position has been completed .
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o released to production .
? gas daily deals :
o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user test .
o the development for the curve shift reports has been completed .
o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions is in test .
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o completed and is currently in test .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
plans for the week ending 7 / 13 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase i items .
o set up new books in excel and some other systems .
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o change portcalc to value spread options .
o option reports ( pl reports ) .
? new flexible position manager .
o project planning and designing .
issues :
none
notes
? the plan to release changes to portcalc and some of tds applications to production has been revised to july 23 due to difficulties in setting up new books in excel and some other systems .
? gas daily option curve shift calculation in portcalc has been fixed .
? the task of customizing time periods in tds has been canceled per user ' s request .
? the task of adding capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis has been put on hold per user ' s request .
? the development team has been working on a plan for developing a new flexible position manager .
thanks
zhiyong