Subject: gtv project weekly status update
please see below for the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes are underlined .
gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , jeremy wong , nayan dattani , george grant , bill fortney , karima husain , mike swaim , chuck ames , geoff storey , jay krish , jeff gossett , mog heu .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes for the view aggregation have been completed .
o expandable total in cash position has been completed .
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o released to production .
? gas daily deals :
o released to production .
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o completed and is currently in test .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
plans for the week ending 7 / 20 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase i items .
o user acceptance test of physical deal positions in tds .
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o change portcalc to value spread options .
o option reports ( pl reports ) .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o getting sign - off of the inception document .
o database schema design .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o timeline estimate .
o initial development .
issues :
none
notes
? changes to portcalc and some of tds applications have been released to production on july 17 .
? a new requirement has been discussed to add more information to the drill - down deal details in tds position manager .
thanks
zhiyong