Subject: alexis de tocqueville breakfast and solicitation
as we prepare for the kick - off of enron ' s 2001 united way campaign , building houston ' s future , we are asking our top - level executives to set the standard of giving during the leadership giving campaign that will run from july 23 through august 3 .
the decision to focus this year ' s campaign on building houston ' s future came directly from our employees , who rallied to help houston recover from the flood damage caused by tropical storm allison . enron employees have expressed a strong desire to continue assisting those in need until our city fully recovers , so our adopted agencies were selected with flood relief in mind . each business unit is also adopting united way scholars students , who will participate in the days of caring . united way scholars builds houston ' s future business leaders by targeting talented students who may be overlooked by other scholarship programs .
last year , your generosity took enron to new heights . we raised $ 2 . 8 million , which was 21 percent higher than our original goal . in order for enron to achieve even greater success this year , we invite you to join us in becoming a member of the prestigious alexis de tocqueville society by making a pledge of $ 10 , 000 or more to united way .
you are invited to join us at an alexis de tocqueville breakfast on tuesday , july 31 from 7 : 30 a . m . - 9 a . m . to learn more about the society and hear about enron ' s 2001 united way campaign plans .
the breakfast will be held at the center for the retarded at 3550 west dallas . center for the retarded is one of enron ' s four adopted agencies for the 2001 campaign . transportation from the enron building to the center will be provided ; however , if you prefer to drive yourself , we will send out directions a few days prior to the breakfast . please rsvp to zulie flores at ext . 3 - 3908 or zulie . flores @ enron . com by thursday july 26 .
leadership giving solicitation officially begins on monday , july 23 , so look for an e - mail on monday morning with more information about the overall campaign and how to make your pledge on - line . if you have any questions about the alexis de toqueville society , or about this year ' s campaign , please contact kathy mayfield , enron ' s united way campaign coordinator , at 713 - 853 - 3264 or kathy . mayfield @ enron . com .
at 49 society members last year , enron had the highest number of members in the city , and ranked nationally in the top 25 companies for total membership . we want to thank you for your generosity as this truly indicates how giving each of you are .
your support is needed more than ever and is the key to surpassing our campaign goals for 2001 . we look forward to seeing you at breakfast on the 31 st .