Subject: re : commoditylogic launch checklist
after reviewing calenders , etc . , i recommend the following :
launch on august 6 th ( assuming the launch checklist is complete and we have all signoffs ) . next week is final prc for me , whalley etc . early in the week and i am out thursday and friday next week . therefore we can show the entire checklist and functionality to whalley the following week , hopefully around august lst or so , and then you can roll from test into production on that weekend and go out monday the 6 th .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : gros , thomas d .
sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 10 : 02 am
to : piper , greg
cc : beck , sally ; flores - cuellar , brenda
subject : re : commoditylogic launch checklist
happy to discuss friday . proposed launch date is july 30 .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : piper , greg
sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 9 : 39 am
to : gros , thomas d . ; beck , sally
subject : fw : commoditylogic launch checklist
can we meet on this friday to review ?
next monday and tuesday are all day prc and then wednesday at noon i go out of town for the rest of the week .
i would like to hold any official launch until the week of july 30 - august 3 . we also need to review it early that week so i can tell whalley we are all good to go .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : philipson , fred
sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 12 : 05 pm
to : piper , greg
cc : gros , thomas d . ; fuehne , douglas
subject : commoditylogic launch checklist
>
to : greg piper
from : fred philipson department : enw
subject : commoditylogic launch checklist date : july 18 , 2001
greg :
sending this update in lieu of today ' s 11 : 00 meeting . in summary , all departments are working with a finalized
checklist , which is attached . of the 8 functional areas involved here , only one has a potential issue that would
delay a launch past the july 23 rd scheduled date . this is confirmlogic . some minor " bugs " were identified by
users . the confirm it group has made modifications and will retest today or tomorrow . if the testing does not
go well , there could be a production delay .
other noteworthy item is from pr . they have decided to delay any press release until the market conditions
are appropriate .
as i have been given responsibility for completion of this list , please feel free to contact me regarding any
issues or comments . if i am unavailable , you might try doug feuhne at 5 - 3992 .
>