Subject: re : confidential a & a prc results
hi , got your message . we will have it to you before 4 pm .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 1 : 07 pm
to : melodick , kim
subject : fw : confidential a & a prc results
i will be leaving at 4 pm - so please get me the files asap
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : deffner , joseph
sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 11 : 02 am
to : kitchen , louise
subject : fw : confidential a & a prc results
catherine has been in global inance for enron americas for the past year . she has been ranked a category 1 during year - end 2000 and mid - year 2001 prc . she is responsible for the financial modeling of all the greenfield project development opportunities being pursued by origination . she has learned to articulate the banks ' concerns with the projects and equipment to be financed within e - next and other structures to both the originators and accounting . the successful effort origination has had this year with developments has provided tremendous document flow which has allowed catherine to develop her document review skills from both a financing and commercial perspective . the growth in maturity she has experienced driven by her deal flow has made her one of the core " go to " junior people in my group when a deal calls for financial analysis . she has been performing at the manager level for six months and is seen as a leader among the junior staff in the group .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : slone , jeanie
sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 10 : 30 am
to : deffner , joseph
subject : re : confidential a & a prc results
louise and john will be reviewing these early next week . since catherine is eligible and has a 1 rating i do not believe this will be an issue .
louise has requested that each manager write a brief statement about why the employee should be promoted . please submit it to me by noon tomorrow if possible . i apologise for the late notice . the need for a written summary just came up . if this is an issue , just let me know and we can resolve another way . thanks .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : deffner , joseph
sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 6 : 50 am
to : slone , jeanie
subject : fw : confidential a & a prc results
jeanie , is there anything additional i need to do with regards to catherine clark ' s promotion ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : bosien , teresa
sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 5 : 40 pm
to : deffner , joseph
subject : confidential a & a prc results
below are the final prc rankings for the analysts and / or associates who were assigned to you for the mid - year prc process . please communicate these results to the appropriate supervisor . prc reviews with the analysts and associates should be completed by early august , and the signed evaluation forms should be returned to me at eb 3539 b . the program recommends that if asked , the supervisor should provide the actual ranking to the analyst or associate . in addition , we recommend that the prc representative be involved in providing feedback to the analyst or associate .
name prc level bu hire date supervisor ranking promotion
edmonds , marcus r analyst - 2 ena 7 / 19 / 1999 ms . lisa bills 3 no
clark , catherine j associate ena 9 / 13 / 1999 ms . lisa bills 1 * *
liu , ying associate ena 8 / 7 / 2000 ms . lisa bills 3 no
* * catherine is eligible for promotion to manager - waiting on business unit approval . contact jeanie slone if you need additional information .
thank you for your participation in this important process .
terry bosien
human resource manager
associate & analyst program
713 / 853 - 5230