Subject: ews united way leadership reception
last year , enron employees generously donated a record $ 2 . 8 million to the united way , an amount which exceeded our goal of $ 2 . 3 million by nearly half a million dollars . this year we are setting our sights even higher with a goal of $ 2 . 9 million . when matched dollar for dollar by enron , our total contribution would be $ 5 . 8 million .
this goal is a challenging one , but we believe it is achievable with your help . it is also a far - reaching goal with the united way touching 1 out of every 2 lives in the greater houston area .
to kick - off this year ' s campaign , please join us for the ews leadership giving reception in the bluebonnet ballroom at the crown plaza hotel , 1700 smith st . on tuesday , july 31 from 3 : 30 to 4 : 30 p . m . the adopted agency for ews this year is the center for the retarded . representatives from the center and recipients of enron ' s united way scholars program will be there to share their experiences with you . we will also review the campaign objectives for this year .
given the fact that enron executives are highly compensated with generous options and bonus programs , we invite you to help by joining us as a member of the alexis de tocqueville society with your generous donation of $ 10 , 000 or more to the united way . in 2000 , enron was the society ' s leader in houston with 49 members , and we also ranked in the top 25 nationally in total membership . your support this year will help enron to continue as a leader among companies in this distinguished group .
whatever your decision regarding your pledge , we need 100 % participation from our executives in order to set a good example for the rest of ews . your contribution to the united way will continue to make a difference in our community . when you give , you change a life right here in the houston area .
please rsvp to zulie flores via e - mail at zulie . flores @ enron . com or by phone at ext . 3 - 3908 by friday , july 27 and join us in setting the standard for ews by giving generously and getting your pledge in by august 10 .
mark and greg