Subject: rumor that the legislature may reconvene
bizarre as it sounds , we ' ve now heard that they are calling the assembly members back . so it appears that the assembly leadership will at least make a run at this . we are getting more information and mobilizing industry . some key considerations :
the governor is putting immense pressure on the legislature to get something done .
the legislature is fearful of getting blamed by the governor for having " done nothing . "
becauase the assembly has thus far " done nothing , " the only thing it has in front of it is 78 .
the assembly could not agree to the speaker ' s bill because it felt the bill was too far to the left ; but 78 is even more one - sided . so there ' s a reasonable likelihood that 78 would have to be amended considerably in order to get the support necessary to get voted out .
once voted out of the assembly , it would have to go back to the senate , where the senate would have to approve it .
again , the senate has adjourned , so burton would have to round them up and call them back for a vote , and there ' s no indication at this time that burton ' s inclined to come back .
in addition , burton has said that he ' s not interested in making any changes to 78 , that " it ' s 78 or nothing . " consequently , for the sentate ( i . e . , burton ) to vote it out , it would first have to agree to the assembly ' s amendments . thus far , the assembly and the senate have not seen eye to eye on the issues .
all that said , this legislature is far from rational , and nothing can be counted out . we ' re therefore operating under the assumption that 78 could move .
will report back as information becomes available .
best ,
jeff
" scott govenar " 07 / 24 / 2001 05 : 15 pm please respond to sgovenar to : " ban sharma " , " david leboe " , " eric letke " , " jennifer thome " , " ken smith " , " bev hansen " , " hedy govenar " , " miyung buster " , " janel guerrero " , " robert frank " , " mike day " , " leslie lawner " , " harry . kingerski @ enron . com " , " karen denne " , " steven kean " , " alan comnes " , " susan j mara " , " paul kaufman " , " jeff dasovich " , " jim steffes " , " rick shapiro " cc : subject : assembly session - urgent
the assembly is tentatively scheduled to take up sbx 2 78 in committee on
friday . if the bill passes , it may go straight to the assembly floor that
night . the senate may go in either late friday or early monday to take up
the bill as amended although this has not been confirmed .
amendments to sbx 78 may be available tomorrow .