Subject: re : how are we doing on the contracts ?
crandall done
badeer done
swerzbin submitted comments on monday ; feedback will be given to him today - some met some not ; mike ' s comments on our feedback due on monday ; should be in a position to execute next week .
heizenrader is good on numbers and still talking language . final issues relate to language about breaking laws or regulations and all of the accusations that are out there about enron and it ' s employees breaking laws and regulations . michele cash has talked to sanders and haedicke about this stuff . tim h . , michele , amy fitzpatrick ( hr generalist in pdx ) and i met today . we think that we have arrived at language that will work for everyone . ball is in michele ' s court to turn another draft around to us .
belden - i am good on the numbers . i have have concerns about indemnity against california and west power related lawsuits . i also want to formalize the arrangement that i have with haedicke with respect to enron covering my legal fees associated with the west power investigations . michele is going to take a cut at some language . she also needs to convince me that i am covered by the directors and officers indemnifications which are part of enron ' s bylaws and delaware law .
richter - he ' s been lame about giving me his comments . i ' ve been lame about riding him on it . i will do that today .
wolfe - greg currently is considering offers from calpine , aep , and enron . aep is offering significantly more money . greg needs to decide where he wants to work and who he wants to work with . there is a very real chance that we lose him . however , we ' ve shown his a great bid , so we will just have to get by if he leaves for a lot of money . when i say a lot , he is talking about guaranteed 600 k per year , roughly .
motley - has declined our offer . the total numbers looked good , but he doesn ' t like enron options . if we took his option value and put it into cash or restricted stock he would be done . i mentioned it to john and he didn ' t want to do that . on the one hand , if that will get him done i think that it ' s a great outcome . on the other , we showed him some good numbers and i respect the fact that john wants to keep things consistent . tough call . he did mention that if enron ' s treasury department would let him gamma trade his options withodd lots and no margin requirement that he would take the options . he has a legitimate point that he has no way of assuring that he can achieve the value of the options . it ' s also very hard to argue with an options trader on this point .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 11 : 23 am
to : belden , tim
subject : how are we doing on the contracts ?
keep hearing silence . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .