Subject: reminder ~ alexis de tocqueville breakfast
reminder !
the alexis de tocqueville breakfast is just a few days away . please rsvp if you have not already done so .
date : tuesday , july 31
time : 7 : 30 - 9 : 00 a . m .
location : the center for the retarded , 3550 w . dallas , between waugh dr . and shepherd
rsvp : please call or e - mail zulie flores , ext . 3 - 3908
transportation :
a bus will depart from the andrews st . side of the enron building at 7 : 20 a . m . please let zulie know if you plan to take the bus . if you prefer to drive , directions to the center are below .
leadership campaign
enron ' s leadership campaign kicked - off on july 23 and is well underway . as you know , participation by enron ' s executive team is vital to the success of the campaign . to make your contribution , please click on http : / / cr . enron . com / unitedway . thank you for making a difference .
we look forward to seeing you next week ! please call kathy mayfield at ext . 3 - 3264 if you have any questions .
directions to the center for the retarded , 3550 w . dallas , between waugh dr . and shepherd :
from the enron building
? take w . dallas and turn right on marston st .
? follow the signs to parking
or you can ?
? take allen parkway from downtown
? turn left on tirrell st .
? turn right on w . dallas
? from w . dallas , turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center
? follow the signs to parking
from the galleria area
? take 610 north to the woodway / memorial exit
? exit and turn right on woodway
? woodway turns into memorial - take memorial to the shepherd exit
? exit and turn right on shepherd
? make a left on to allen parkway at the light
? turn right on tirrell st .
? take a right on w . dallas , and then turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center
? follow the signs to parking
from north of downtown
? take 45 or 59 south to i - 10 . go west on i - 10
? take the shepherd / durham exit
? take a left ( south ) on shepherd
? take shepherd to the light at allen parkway / kirby
? make a left on to allen parkway at the light
? turn right on tirrell st .
? take a right on w . dallas , and then turn right on marston st . , which is the entrance to the center
? follow the signs to parking