Subject: gtv project status weekly update
please find below the weekly project status update for gtv and the attached file for the updated project timelines . changes are underlined .
gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , jeremy wong , nayan dattani , bill fortney , karima husain , thu dang , chuck ames , geoff storey , jay krish , russ severson , george grant , mike swaim .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes for the view aggregation have been completed .
o expandable total in cash position has been completed .
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o released to production .
? gas daily deals :
o released to production .
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o completed .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o development has been completed .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o database schema design has been completed .
plans for the week ending 08 / 03 / 01 :
? continue user acceptance test of physical deal positions in tds ( phase i items ) .
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o change portcalc to value basis options .
o option reports ( pl reports ) .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o user acceptance testing .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o continue gui development .
o continue development of query engine .
o start working on loading data and related items .
issues :
? none .
notes
? since calgary office has not yet implemented the new gdi calc , there was a double counting issue with canadian gas daily books last friday , july 27 . the it team has been working closely with calgary office to fix the problem as soon as possible .
? in the last couple of weeks , a developer took a week and half off due to a family emergency and another developer took paternity leave for a week , which affected our project delivery timelines .
thanks
zhiyong