Subject: fw : enron ' s secrets revealed
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : rogers , rex
sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 7 : 58 am
to : denne , karen ; armogida , jim
subject : re : enron ' s secrets revealed
karen : i was out of town yesterday , and am just now getting your message . i will give you a call this morning to discuss . the thing that concerns me the most is the reference to " inside view " - - - - - if they have not talked to anyone at enron , or don ' t attribute the " inside view " to some credible former enron person , then it is misleading to call it an " inside view " . absent false statements or breaches of confidentiality , if this is nothing more than someone ' s opinion of enron and how it operates , then we probably can ' t stop them ( i ' m surprised that there is not more of this " stuff " ) . it would definately be helpful to get a copy of the report ( even if we have to pay for it ) ; without knowing what it says , it would be hard to say what action we can take . i will give you a call and we can discuss . thanks , rex .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : denne , karen
sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 1 : 31 pm
to : rogers , rex
subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed
rex - - apparently this organization is attempting to sell this report about enron that ' s purported to be an " inside view . " i called this morning and they never talked to anyone inside the company . the president of the company is supposed to call me back - - i want to get a copy of this report . but i wanted to send to you anyway . is there anything we can do to prevent them from marketing this ?
thanks !
kd
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : rosen , michael b .
sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 11 : 23 am
to : denne , karen
subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed
karen -
i ' m apparently on some spam email list . do you have any idea who these jokers are or have any interest in seeing what ' s on this report ?
mike
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : " global change associates " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 global + 20 change + 20 associates + 22 + 20 + 3 cpfusaro + 40 nirvanasoft + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]
sent : saturday , july 28 , 2001 10 : 49 am
to : renee _ lewis @ kne . com
subject : enron ' s secrets revealed
how has enron managed to achieve such success while other energy firms have struggled to deal with the changing market landscape ?
global change associates is pleased to announce the publication of a new corporate profile entitled , " enron 2001 : an inside view " . this objective study takes an insider ' s look at enron , specifically , how the firm operates and the keys to its success . much of the information provided comes from first hand accounts and covers areas such as :
? the firm ' s structure and operations
? the recruitment and training of new employees
? how enron empowers and compensates its employees
? the keys to structuring enron type " risk free " transactions
? how to negotiate with enron
? why enron occasionally forgives counterparty obligations
? is the enron model right for your organization ?
enron 2001 : an inside view is a unique publication . it provides valuable insight into the firm ' s operations and analyzes its successes and failures . for those firms dealing directly with enron , or thinking about adopting some of enron ' s business practices , it is an invaluable , must have tool .
this innovative study is available for purchase at $ 995 . 00 .
for a detailed table of contents please open the attached file , enron 2001 toc . to order please go to www . global - change . com , click on " reports " or complete the attached order form and fax to 212 - 625 - 8810 .
for more information on this product please contact alan m . herbst at 212 - 625 - 1711 or via email at info @ global - change . com .
to be removed from this distribution list , please reply with the word remove in the subject line .
- enron 2001 toc . pdf >
- enron 2001 order . pdf >