Subject: re : ref : letter dated july 20 , 2001
ms . kitchen ,
thank you for your response and the wise words to read more hbs studies ! i appreciate your honest answers and sound advice . i am extremely interested in enron broadband for opportunities this fall . do you know of anyone there i could talk to about roles for mba ' s , opportunities , the culture , and what roles mba ' s play ? thanks again for your time and i look forward to talking with you more .
sincerely ,
chad storlie
7 / 31 5 : 14 p > > >
chad ,
answers to questions ( clearly not enron answers but my own personal
views )
1 . the areas you are looking at are not directly commercial and this
should be something you consider . essentially you may wish to consider
a consultancy company which is much more akin to your interests which
are not our core competencies . you need to decide whether you wish to
pursue a commercial career or not - decide what your risk profile is , a
consultant role is low reward , low risk and commercial player has a
high / risk reward profile .
2 . driven , enthusiastic , hard working , highly analytical , personable and
motivated .
3 . not having an mba personally , i find this one simple to answer . too
much occupation with trying to apply theory to practice / not seeing the
wood for the trees ( english expression ) .
4 . get some practical experience .
5 . more case studies ( harvard business ) .
good luck .
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .
