Subject: surplus industrial supply could relieve mexico ' s summer power
shortage - cera insight
see attached file .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : cera webmaster [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ]
sent : thursday , august 02 , 2001 9 : 02 pm
to : cera clients
subject : surplus industrial supply could relieve mexico ' s summer power shortage - cera insight
title : mexican power markets : cfe looks to industrial generators for excess power , but many questions remain
url ( s ) :
surplus industrial supply could relieve mexico ' s summer power shortage
power plants being built under the comision reguladora de energia ' s ( cfe )
independent power producer program will not be available until the end of the
year , leaving a very tight market during the summer peak demand season .
president vicente fox recently announced that the cfe would increase the
capacity that industrial generators could sell back to the national grid . the
initiative was met with resistance by many members of mexico ' s congress ,
however , and has been suspended pending judicial review . the success of the
program will depend on three factors :
* is there enough surplus capacity available where it is needed ?
* is the cfe willing to offer an attractive price ?
* will the courts allow it to happen ?
* * end * *
follow above url for complete insight ( 8 printed pages ) .
e - mail category : insight
cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico gas & power
to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :
forgot your username and password ? go to :
this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information
from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is
confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,
in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .
terms of use :
questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com
copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates