Subject: fw : message from john and louise - enron americas management
offsite
ranabir dutt , a vp in my group , will not be attending the offsite . ranabir is currently in bombay working dabhol from the finance side and is not expected back until the 23 rd at the earliest . just wanted to give a heads up for rooming / activities scheduling purposes . thanks .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 5 : 18 pm
to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; colwell , wes ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; dayao , anthony ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; dutt , ranabir ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; haedicke , mark e . ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; keel , allan ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; kitchen , louise ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; martin , thomas a . ; mcdonald , michael ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; parquet , david ; presto , kevin m . ; redmond , brian ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; thompson , c . john ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank w . ; whitt , mark ; wiggs , brett ; wolfe , greg ; zipper , andy ; zufferli , john
cc : schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly ; hitchcock , dorie
subject : message from john and louise - enron americas management offsite
please find attached details for the forthcoming enron americas management offsite . there are group actions which need to be completed before arriving in beaver creek .
the offsite will involve meetings , mountain biking and white water rafting ( grade 3 ) , so please bring appropriate clothing . for those who have not been rafting before appropriate clothing would be swimwear , sports shoes , hat , shorts and t - shirt . life jackets will be provided . the accommodation will be in condominiums in beaver creek and room assignments are also attached below .
transportation
the attached agenda outlines the transportation requirements for those departing from houston . it is assumed that all members of the esa team will also travel to and from houston with the houston based employees . dorie hitchcock will be contacting those of you separately who are not traveling to and from houston .
video
you each have been assigned to a group for the sole purpose of completing a video prior to attending the offsite . the video filming should be completed and on a vhs tape prior to departure for beaver creek . the purpose of this video is to provide a comic interlude to the proceedings . the videos will be seen prior to dinner on friday night at saddleridge . the video should be about 5 minutes in length , on a vhs tape and there is a zero budget assigned to the production of the video . each team has been given a title which is open to interpretation ( see attached spreadsheet ) .
please find attached the following information :
( i ) attendees and teams for video
( ii ) draft agenda
any questions or concerns should be addressed to dorie hitchcock ( ext 36978 )
we look forward to seeing you in beaver creek .
john & louise