Subject: gtv project status weekly update
please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timelines . changes are underlined .
gtv status meeting attendees : chuck ames , thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , george grant , jeff gossett , jay krish , francis lim , russ severson , geoff storey , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong .
accomplishments :
? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :
o changes for the view aggregation have been completed .
o expandable total in cash position has been completed .
? single point of deal entry for term deals :
o released to production .
? gas daily deals :
o released to production .
? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o completed .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o completed and being tested .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o database schema design completed .
o initial load of active deals from sitara completed .
o tibco work completed .
plans for the week ending 08 / 10 / 01 :
? continue user acceptance test of physical deal positions in tds ( phase i items ) .
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o change portcalc to value basis spread options .
o option reports ( pl reports ) .
o complete testing of changes to the translator for transport deals .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o user acceptance testing .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o continue development of query engine .
o complete initial loading of active deals from tagg .
o complete testing of initial load of active deals from sitara .
o complete gui development of delphi feed to excel .
o complete development of excel vb .
o continue schema mapping .
o start development of update of active deals from sitara .
o start development of update of active deals from tagg .
issues :
? none .
notes
? the issue with the new gdi calc for calgary has not been resolved . we are planning to resolve it by this friday .
? some system issues with the sitara test server affected the user acceptance test of phase i items for a couple of days .
thanks
zhiyong