Subject: room change and revised agenda : trading systems workshop - august
15 th
the trading systems workshop will be held in room 46 cl from 10 : 00 to 17 : 00 tomorrow , august 15 th . please note the room change . below is a revised agenda .
opening remarks - kevin presto / lloyd will
east power project team , roles and responsibilities - debra bailey
networks team and capability - steve nat
ees team and capability - anthony dayao
regulatory status across the north east , mid west , south east and ercot markets - andy rodriguez / lloyd will
discussion : determine first market for project to focus on ; north east , mid west , south east or ercot ( initial indications are that pjm is the preferred market area ) - all
review systems gaps identified by business owner :
risk - stacey white
settlement and volume management - thresa allen
scheduling and trading - corry bentley
final remarks / wrap - up - lloyd will
lunch will be provided .
see you tomorrow .
debra
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lloyd will
sent : thursday , august 02 , 2001 11 : 27 pm
to : casey evans ; thresa a allen ; debra bailey ; steve nat ; mani vadari ( e - mail ) ; phil crosby ( e - mail ) ; corry bentley ; madhup kumar ; rebecca m grace ; dave nommensen ; david poston ; andy rodriquez
cc : tom may ; kayne coulter ; leslie reeves ; kevin m presto ; christi l nicolay ; louise kitchen ; beth perlman ; tamara jae black ; claudia guerra ; anthony dayao ; sally beck ; bob m hall
subject : trading systems workshop .
we will be holding a trading systems workshop on wednesday august 15 th from 10 : 00 to 17 : 00 in meeting room 42 cl .
the following areas will be reviewed with the objective to create a common vision on what the project team will be accomplishing in the next 6 months . note this is an informational meeting only and will be followed with decisional / scoping meetings in the following weeks .
general areas that will be reviewed .
? introductions .
? opening remarks . - kevin presto / lloyd will
? review east power project team , roles and responsibilities . - debra bailey / lloyd will
? review networks team and capability - steve nat
? review regulatory status across the north east , mid west , south east and ercot markets . - andy rodriguez / lloyd will .
? discuss the market that we will be worked on first ; north east , mid west , south east or ercot . initial indications are that pjm is the preferred market area . - all
? review risk system gaps identified by business owner . - casey evans
? review settlement and volume management system gaps identified by business owner . - thresa allen
? review scheduling & trading system gaps identified by business owner . - corry bentley
? review next steps and project schedule . - debra bailey
lunch will be arranged - claudia guerra - please send any special diet requests to claudia .
please notify me of any additional items or changes we will need for this meeting . please invite additional additional staff that will assist with this business owners informational meeting .
attached is an initial org chart and mission statement for your review and refinement . please indicate if you require a copy of the accenture report to prepare for this workshop .
thanks .
>