Subject: gtv project status weekly update
please see below for the gtv project status weekly update and the attached file for the updated project timelines . changes are underlined .
gtv status meeting attendees : thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , george grant , jeff gossett , jay krish , francis lim , russ severson , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong , steve stock , narasim kasaru .
accomplishments :
? gtv 2 phase 1 items
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o released to production .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o released to production .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o database schema design completed .
o initial load of active deals from sitara completed .
o tibco work completed .
o units of measure conversions completed .
o update of active deals from sitara completed .
o development of query engine completed .
o development of delphi feed to excel completed .
plans for the week ending 08 / 17 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o change portcalc to value basis spread options .
o option reports ( pl reports ) .
o complete testing of changes to the translator for transport deals .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o complete initial loading of active deals from tagg .
o complete development of excel vb .
o continue schema mapping .
o start development of update of active deals from tagg .
o continue development of update server .
issues :
? none .
notes
? the issue with the new gdi calc for calgary has not been resolved yet . we are planning to resolve it by this friday .
? gtv 2 phase 1 items have been in production since monday . there have been a few minor issues with the production release . the it team has been working with chuck to resolve them .
? a couple of developers have been in training this week , which has some impact on the development .
thanks
zhiyong