Subject: enron offline .
fyi - the pun above refers to the small down - time we had a few days ago and talks about that being one of the proofs that things are not well at enron . . . . great time to take pot shots at everything we do for these guys !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com
[ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ]
sent : friday , august 17 , 2001 3 : 59 pm
to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com
subject : rahil jafry : enron offline .
enron offline .
08 / 17 / 2001
energy compass
( c ) 2001 energy intelligence group . all rights reserved
enron ceo jeff skilling quit this week at a time when the company has problems
in almost every geographic region and business sector in which it operates .
its once - vaunted broadband business is in the dumps , and the dabhol power
project , at one time the prize example of foreign investment in india , has
turned into a debacle ( ec jul . 13 , p 4 ) . the company recently withdrew
mysteriously from two high - profile middle east gas ventures , including a stake
in one of three saudi projects ( ec jun . 15 , p 5 ) . just last week , an explosion
took down its teeside power plant in the uk , killing three workers ( ec
aug . 10 , p 9 ) , and its internet - based trading service , enrononline , suffered a
morning - long outage . california has issued virtual " wanted posters " for the
company and its execs for allegedly causing the state ' s electricity crisis .
the stock has tracked the downfall . just a year ago , enron was trading at more
than $ 90 / share . it was recently hovering around $ 42 , and has dropped since
skilling ' s announcement below $ 40 . not even the 22 nd consecutive quarter of
record earnings , issued last month , helped . sharks could now start circling
the waters . several years ago , royal dutch / shell made overtures , apparently
drawn by access to enron ' s massive north american gas and power marketing
business and gas pipeline system . when nothing came of the talks , shell bought
tejas energy . the shell rumors have now resurfaced - and enron investors might
be prepared to listen this time round .
although the stock price decline began on the watch of once and again chief
executive ken lay , it accelerated once skilling assumed the post in february
as lay headed to washington to become part of president george w . bush ' s
unofficial advisory team . skilling ' s move also coincided with the overall
slide in all tech stocks , but termination of a highly touted broadband
partnership with blockbuster video accelerated the decline .
though skilling says he left for personal reasons , reports that some board
members were unhappy with his performance had been circulating for weeks . nor
is skilling the only one to jump enron ' s troubled ship . rebecca mark , once
viewed as a possible rival to skilling , " resigned " last summer because of the
poor performance of enron ' s azurix water business . joe sutton , who headed
enron ' s international business , left last autumn over a difference in
strategy . sutton supported investments in hard assets , while enron ' s business
model now is " asset light . " more recently , vice chairman cliff baxter and lou
pai , who headed the retail energy unit , have departed , and ken rice , once the
golden boy of broadband , is reportedly leaving .
lay assured analysts after skilling ' s announcement that enron would continue
the strategy of building up its trading operations and operating with a
minimum of assets . based on the past year ' s stock performance , it might be
better to head in another direction .
folder name : rahil jafry
relevance score on scale of 100 : 82
to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . )
copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved