Subject: happy happy message
i am so so happy . . . : ) do you want me to forward this response to scott josey ? i may even start going to church every week . . .
mrha
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : baillargeon , paul r . [ mailto : prbaillargeon @ marathonoil . com ]
sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 5 : 44 am
to : mrha , jean
cc : madro , walt j . ; lowden , steve j .
subject : re : asset management outsourcing arrangement proposal
jean ,
thanks for your note . please find attached the ca with some minor
changes . if acceptable please sign and return two copies for our
signature . also on a separate note , we have named a manager to pursue
this strategy going forward . i would like to introduce you to walt madro
on my return at the end of the week .
regards
paul
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mrha , jean [ mailto : jean . mrha @ enron . com ]
sent : monday , august 20 , 2001 6 : 41 pm
to : baillargeon , paul r .
subject : asset management outsourcing arrangement proposal
importance : high
paul ,
as promised last week , please find attached to this correspondence a
draft term sheet which outlines six potential asset management
outsourcing arrangements . these various proposal structures signify
initial steps representing general commercial concepts to be further
refined by a transaction team .
i know that you are out until wednesday , but i would be interested in
the status of the confidentiality agreement within marathon ' s legal
department .
i look forward to hearing from you .
regards ,
jean
>
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate
and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure
by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient
( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender
or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and
delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments
hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not
create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron
corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other
party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by
estoppel or otherwise . thank you .
