Subject: re : follow - up to this mornings meeting
potentially , but we would need to both repermit the site ( air , minor site plan modifications , etc . ) , and have fpl agree to the equipment change without us loosing our position in the interconnect queue . we will do some further investigation and get back to you .
regards ,
ben
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 8 : 14 am
to : jacoby , ben
subject : re : follow - up to this mornings meeting
thanks only question would be - can you not use any of our turbines ( how long would repermiting take ? )
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : jacoby , ben
sent : monday , august 20 , 2001 11 : 14 am
to : kitchen , louise
subject : follow - up to this mornings meeting
louise :
apologies , but i forgot to mention a couple items on florida on this morning ' s call .
with respect to our florida development book , and the midway site in particular , we have 4 value propositions that we ' re working on . we talked about the first one , which relates to the sale of the development asset ( with a target gross sales price of $ 13 million ) . the others are as follows :
1 . leverage site positions to bid into fpl ' s recently announced 1 , 700 mw rfp .
2 . leverage site positions to negotiate third party long term tolling contracts for unit contingent power .
3 . leverage site positions to build a merchant power plant .
on item 1 , we have been speaking with fpl for some time , and we think we may have a competitive advantage ( because of the number and maturity of our development assets ) to offer a unit contingent contract to fpl , or simply a sale of one or more sites . if we were awarded a contract , we could go in the market , buy turbines , and flip the package ( a la lv cogen ) . heather kroll and i are working on this together .
on item 2 , i was contacted by williams a couple of weeks ago . they indicated they were interested in a 10 to 15 year tolling contract off our midway site . we have since signed a confidentiality agreement , and are discussing indicative terms . as with item 1 , if we negotiated a deal with williams , we could go in the market , buy turbines , and flip the package . aquila is also a prospect for this type of deal , as they are seeking long term tolling positions in the state . i have brought heather into this deal as well .
on item 3 , last week kevin indicated he has renewed interest in florida . duran and i will try to figure out this week exactly what this means .
please let me know if you have any questions .
see you tomorrow .
ben