Subject: fw : personnel request
per our discussion , attached is my original request to place gregg penman and richard tomaksi under contract . at mid - year prc they each ranked at 2 .
please let me know what i can do to bring closure to this process .
laura
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lavorato , john
sent : sunday , june 24 , 2001 8 : 31 pm
to : luce , laura
subject : re : personnel request
laura
do you think we can discuss after prc .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : luce , laura
sent : thu 6 / 21 / 2001 10 : 55 am
to : lavorato , john
cc : slone , jeanie ; shively , hunter s .
subject : personnel request
upon review of the chicago business , balancing the need for continuity on behalf of peoples energy and ensuring the ability for hunter and i to manage the chicago joint venture ( enovate ) and the ena / peoples utility transaction from houston , it is our recommendation to place richard tomaski and gregg penman under contract with enron .
gregg holds responsibility for all office management , customer origination and reporting to enron / peoples . in my absence he serves as my eyes and ears to the overall business . while i have been in houston we speak daily regarding all management of the business including , but not limited to contracting with over 40 counterparties , long term origination including allegheny and constellation , control of enovate credit policy , control of enovate risk management policy ( with frank hayden ) and overall office management . gregg receives high marks from enron legal , credit , risk management , and finance as a tremendous resource and from peoples sr . management . i believe enron many times overlooks the importance of account management and gregg is a classic example of an employee who balances the needs of the customer with keeping enron ' s interests foremost . i am confident gregg is key to ensuring the transaction with peoples is renewed in 3 years .
richard holds responsibility for the daily business of enovate . he is proven in his ability to hold the trust of peoples gas / north shore providing an array of " no - risk " value for enron and enovate . richard serves as the information conduit to the central desk and enron houston . richard is excellent at balancing his role to enron and the complete trust that peoples has placed in him . richard is a rare find and perfect fit in a joint venture because of his tenure at enron involving stints in economics , risk management , structuring and trading . richard is the key reason we have kept a balance of trust with the utilities of peoples . richard has been engaged with this customer for 3 years and the trust / knowledge peoples bestows to richard is directly related to this history , richard ' s hard work and inherent customer skills . a departure by richard would provide a very difficult issue for hunter and i due to the balanced approach richard exemplifies . richard is hunter ' s on sight control of the enovate business .
if you would like to discuss this further , please contact me at 713 / 853 - 3855 . i recommend we proceed immediately and prior to my full - time departure from chicago scheduled for august .