Subject: fw : williams energy
williams will have weather model and research material several minutes before the general market . universities receive the data before the market and this alliance will get the weather data to williams as if they were part of the university .
any thoughts ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : ryan , david
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 11 : 45 am
to : presto , kevin m .
subject : williams energy
this is size . . . .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : bennett , steve
sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 9 : 23 am
to : hamilton , tony ; ryan , david ; pace , andy ; decook , todd
subject : i ' m sure you ' ve seen this . . .
williams signs $ 10 million weather and climate research alliance with the university of oklahoma
august 27 , 2001 09 : 02 : 00 am et
increased accuracy of weather prediction technology
provides significant economic advantages for energy industry leader
tulsa , okla . , aug . 27 / prnewswire / - - a unit of williams wmb today announced a $ 10 million strategic alliance with the university of oklahoma ( ou ) to enhance weather and climate research , technology development , and undergraduate and graduate meteorology education .
this commercial arrangement , the largest of its kind in the u . s . between a private corporation and a university meteorology program , is a mutually beneficial agreement that allows ou to expand its top - tier meteorology programs while williams receives exclusive weather analysis and forecasting tools . this will give williams a globally competitive advantage in energy marketing and trading , while related educational and research activities are expected to produce for williams the nation ' s most qualified meteorologists and weather impact decision makers .
" this is a partnership between business and higher education where both parties benefit , " keith e . bailey , williams chairman , president and ceo , said . " this alliance provides williams access to weather research and technology that is dramatically superior than traditional government weather services and customized to williams ' unique needs . with weather being the number one driver of volatility in gas and power markets , we expect to see a significant return on our investment . "
" this history making agreement between williams and the university of oklahoma ' s school of meteorology , a national leader in its field , is a dramatic demonstration of the power of a private sector - university partnership in the creation of economic productivity and growth , and the expansion of knowledge , " said ou president david l . boren . " i predict that this alliance will become a national model for joining together american international leadership in higher education with private sector creativity and vitality . we are deeply grateful for the confidence placed in this outstanding program at the university by williams . "
highlights of this expansive agreement include :
* unique , advanced weather and climate prediction capabilities tailored by
the university of oklahoma ' s weather programs specifically for williams '
weather - sensitive businesses .
* a grant of $ 8 . 1 million over five years to fund research in advanced
weather analysis and prediction at the center for analysis and
prediction of storms ( caps ) . this includes funding for a supercomputer
that will be most powerful among all big - 12 institutions .
* a grant of $ 1 . 6 million over five years to fund regional climate
research at the cooperative institute for mesoscale meteorological
studies . this money will bring to ou the most advanced climate system
model in the world , and will fund research scientists as well as
graduate and undergraduate students .
* gifts to create the williams endowed chair , an advanced student computer
laboratory , funding for three williams fellows in the master of science
in professional meteorology degree in the school of meteorology and a
gift to the oklahoma climatological survey .
" we believe the outcome of this partnership will yield a world class suite of weather forecast and analysis products suited for use in the energy marketing and trading industry , " says denise russell , director of market analysis at williams ' energy marketing and trading unit , who , in 1998 began to hire ou meteorology graduates . " we also will have a valuable pipeline for new technological and human resource capabilities with which to maintain these developments . "
according to dr . john snow , dean of the ou college of geosciences and director of oklahoma weather center programs , the school of meteorology , has already begun to aggressively recruit some of the nation ' s top graduate students as part of the new partnership , and will expand this effort in the next several months now that the contracts are signed .
" through this alliance with williams , the university of oklahoma has obtained the resources necessary to continue generating new knowledge , defining the global standard for weather technology and developing outstanding graduates , all while bringing new jobs and opportunities to oklahoma in weather - related fields , " says snow .
the williams / ou alliance was made possible through technology advances in computing resources and the enactment of oklahoma state questions 680 and 681 , which provide for the establishment of commercial entities that are licensed for the exclusive right to commercialize the technology developed within research and development sections of universities .
about williams wmb
williams , through its subsidiaries , connects businesses to energy , delivering innovative , reliable products and services . williams information is available at www . williams . com .
portions of this document may constitute " forward - looking statements " as defined by federal law . although the company believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions , there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different . any such statements are made in reliance on the " safe harbor " protections provided under the private securities reform act of 1995 . additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in the company ' s annual reports filed with the securities and exchange commission .
make your opinion count - click here
? 2001 prnewswire