Subject: re : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01
the meeting to discuss california issues today has been set at :
12 : 00 noon - 1 : 00 p . m .
eb 8 cl
dial - in # : 1 - 847 - 413 - 3181
passcode : 7816787
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : steffes , james d .
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 58 am
to : dasovich , jeff ; kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa
cc : noske , linda j .
subject : re : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01
i will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the california market . if anyone has any specific questions before then , please call me at 713 - 853 - 7673 .
jim
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dasovich , jeff
sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 8 : 26 pm
to : kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa
subject : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01
the california puc
loretta lynch held a press conference in sacramento today to discuss changes to the commission ' s previously released proposal regarding direct access and the rate agreement between the puc and dwr .
in the amended proposal discussed and distributed today , direct access would end retroactive to july 1 . customers with contracts executed as of july 1 would would remain direct access customers .
the legislature
the assembly version of the senate mou ( sb 78 ) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the committee .
it is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6 : 30 pm pdt today .
amendments on direct access were released this afternoon ( based on negotiations between davis ' office and business customers ) :
customers who have consistently been da since may 2000 , including those " involuntarily " returned to bundled service , would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts , and dwr - related exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers .
customers who have consistently been on da between may 2000 and jan 17 , 2001 would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts and dwr - realted exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers .
customers who have been on da between jan 17 , 2001 and august 24 , 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to dwr forward contracts , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers .
customer ' s leaving after august 24 th would not qualify for exemptions .
there is considerable work underway to make the august 24 th date the deadline for contract execution , rather than the date by which the customer must be dasr ' d , in order to qualify for the exemptions .
direct access would not be suspended , however , until 90 days after the bill is signed by davis ( if he signs it ) , i . e . , the " effective date " of the bill .
so anyone going to direct access between aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions .
after the 90 - day period , da would be suspended until 1 . 1 . 03 .
self - gen in service consistently from may 200 to august 24 would be exempt from edison ' s undercollection and dwr charges .
self - gen that submitted an application to the energy commission by august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line .
self - gen that comes on line after august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line , but the total number of exempt mws in this category would be limited to 250 mws per year , on a first - come - first - serve basis .
at least 30 % of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen .