Subject: re : enymex
bob shults and i will be attending an enymex reception this thursday , and john and greg are still trying to coordinate a meeting with bo and vincent . short answer - - we ' ve got it as covered as possible for now .
another item : i got a call from stephen thome in ena who wanted us to post something like an advertisement for your turbines on enrononline . jay confirmed that it was technically feasible to craft a pop - up that targets certain customers with information and links to documents and spec sheets . i ' m told we have resisted this approach in the past because it has the potential to get out of hand once the genie gets out of the bottle , so to speak . i think it fits well for the turbines , but i wanted to make sure you were behind this idea before we launched into development .
brad
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 34 am
to : piper , greg ; leach , doug
cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay
subject : re : enymex
i am assuming that greg piper is going to handle this - you may want to talk to john arnold as he has some good ideas for a deal with nymex .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : piper , greg
sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 3 : 14 am
to : leach , doug ; kitchen , louise
cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay ; whalley , greg
subject : re : enymex
i would be happy to meet with them so feel free to set something up . we have had contact in the past with nymex on some of these issues and i can explain the story later .
my asistant is tina spiller and i am in next week ( i am in london this week ) so maybe we can get together and discuss .
thanks .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : leach , doug
sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 1 : 32 pm
to : kitchen , louise ; piper , greg
cc : gagliardi , larry
subject : enymex
i recently met robert " bo " collins , the new president of the nymex and formerly with el paso . bo is keenly aware that the nymex has fallen down in two areas - - first , catering too much to the locals , while ignoring their true customer base and secondly , not following through with the enymex rollout . bo along with vincent viola , the new chairman of the nymex are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately . personally , i think there is a chance that enrononline could partner with the nymex and it could benefit both . obviously , they need us far more than we need them , but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the nymex management . is this something of interest and if so , should we follow up ? bo and vince will be in houston in late august for a nymex cocktail party at rocc and i could arrange a meeting at enron .