Subject: fw : california update - - 9 . 02 . 01
on friday , the assembly failed to get its version of the edison mou out of the appropriations committee .
the bill must pass out of that committee before it can go to the full assembly for passage .
negotiations continue among assembly democrats about what the final bill should look like .
the assembly will try again to pass the bill out of the assembly on tuesday .
in response to the california puc proposed order , which would retroactively end direct access on july 1 , the assembly amended its bill on friday to include its own " date certain " for the temporary suspension of direct access .
the assembly bill would now suspend direct access beginning august 25 .
we are working with others to get the date of suspension changed to either 1 ) the date the bill is signed or 2 ) september 1 .
we will provide additional information on tuesday about the bill ' s status and our progress in changing the suspension date .
best ,
jeff
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dasovich , jeff
sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 10 : 41 am
to : kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa ; ruffer , mary lynne ; stubblefield , wade
subject : california update - - 08 . 31 . 01
the assembly will attempt to pass its version of the edison mou ( sb 78 ) out of the appropriations committee today .
if and when that occurs , the assembly will also attempt to get the bill passed out of the full assembly today .
it will be a very long putt to get both accomplished today .
if and when the assembly gets the bill out of the assembly today , the bill will move over to the senate , where the chances of passage are even more remote .
that said , davis is making a full court press to get the bill passed out of both houses for his signature .
will report back with the events of the assembly .
don ' t hesitate to call if you have any questions ( 415 . 782 . 7822 ) .
best ,
jeff