Subject: re : follow up on hiring issues last week
my only concern is that john ( i am told ) spoke to gas and power folks at his staff meeting a while back on the process on transfers . as long as they are rated a 3 or higher in prc then they did not need to have it approved . most go through hr , however , some we find out after the fact . i am just trying to make sure we could meet your expectation . do you want to say something at your next staff meeting ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , september 4 , 2001 12 : 17 pm
to : melodick , kim
cc : jones , robert w . - hr exec
subject : re : follow up on hiring issues last week
sensitivity : confidential
you do not need to send any note to any people - just make sure we see them all . this change applies to gas and power .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : melodick , kim
sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 11 : 33 am
to : kitchen , louise
cc : jones , robert w . - hr exec
subject : follow up on hiring issues last week
sensitivity : confidential
louise , prior to you sending me the revised guidelines on transfers / hires last week , i wanted to give you details on the folks that were already in process before the change :
1 . steve bartlet received a transfer offer from lloyd don miller in asset market effective 9 / 1 / 01 . don had indicated that he had planned to speak to you monday 8 / 27 / 01 . he did considerable investigation on this employee to ascertain that he would be a fit for the group . the employee was rated a 4 at midyear .
2 . dave ingram was hired by dana davis to do realtime trading at the senior specialist level . he was a transfer from ebs as a redeployed employee . feedback was positive and he was rated a 3 at mid year and excellent at yearend .
3 . eric simpson was hired to work for fletch sturm as a commerical director . he was rated 1 at midyear and a 2 at yearend . as per the email i recceived from kevin presto , i am told that both you and john are aware .
4 . berney aucoin in ews made an offer to an analyst out of the program for a specialist level ( flat compensation ) . rogers herndon approved as this employee was rated a 5 at midyear , however , they feel in the past that he was not appropriately guided at ews . they feel that they can assist in turning this employee around and have developed a performance improvement plan . robert jones is aware .
5 . steve irvin was in the process of making an offer to carlos alatorre for the monterrey office . i believe that you are aware as this employee would be a transfer from eol . i am awaiting a response from steve on the status .
i will be sending out a note to kevin , dave , don , steve , rogers and both jaimes to let them know about the change in process on what you would like to be included on going forward .