Subject: e nymex : enymex slowed by access internet launch
enymex slowed by access internet launch
08 / 29 / 2001
megawatt daily
( c ) copyright 2001 pasha publications , inc . all rights reserved .
it looks to be another four to six months before nymex launches its
electronic trading platform enymex , designed to provide a neutral
trading platform for traditionally over - the - counter products . the delay
comes in part as nymex begins offering its after - hours access electronic
trading system via the internet next week .
the introduction of access to the internet poses some new questions
for nymex , especially how it will integrate access with enymex , nymex ' s
nachamah jacobovits explained . the two platforms will remain separate ,
but the idea is to allow easy trading between the two , she noted .
nymex had to delay an anticipated second - quarter launch for enymex
this year after canceling a contract with a software provider that was
developing the link between the order matching system and screen layout
for the new platform . the exchange has been working with the remaining
software vendors and staff to complete the platform .
as it stands now , enymex would offer a variety of gas swap contracts
related to the henry hub and other pricing points , as well as crude oil ,
heating oil and gasoline calendar swaps .
enymex promises to be a neutral , open trading platform without
counterparty credit risk , offering standardized basis products tied to
the exchange ' s most liquid benchmark products . its development was first
announced in may 2000 . sgs
folder name : e nymex
relevance score on scale of 100 : 99
to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . )
copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved