Subject: gtv weekly project status update
please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project time lines .
gtv status meeting attendees : thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , brad jones , narasim kasaru , jay krish , francis lim , russ severson , geoff storey , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong .
accomplishments :
? gtv 2 phase 1 items
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o released to production .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
o development of basis options valuation has been completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o released to production .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o database schema design completed .
o initial load of active deals from sitara completed .
o tibco work completed .
o units of measure conversions completed .
o update of active deals from sitara completed .
o development of query engine completed .
o development of delphi feed to excel completed .
o schema mapping completed .
o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed .
o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed .
o complete development of excel vb .
o complete remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) .
o complete development of update of active deals from tagg .
plans for the week ending 09 / 14 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o complete option reports ( pl reports ) .
o complete integration test of basis option valuation .
o begin change to portcalc to value transport deals .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o complete user acceptance testing .
? investigate efforts needed to implement tds for calgary office .
? investigate ways of distinguishing deal changes and unify volume feedback .
? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals .
issues :
? none .
notes
? canada still needs to test y - calc .
? jeff gossett is looking into possibly adding more requirements for option reports .
thanks
zhiyong