Subject: re : cancellation of the master tasking letter
louise ,
this is better in my opinion . it tends to force better definition from the developer and his team . your costs are reduced when we have good definition .
keith
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 12 : 20 pm
to : duran , w . david ; jacoby , ben ; irvin , steve ; kroll , heather ; virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; morris , sandy ; golden , bruce ; rose , steven ; chmielewski , robert ; rimbau , robert w . ; coffer , walter ; austin , terri ; booth , eric ; newlin , ross ; garrison , john ; aboudaher , omar ; williams , dan e . ; gordon , d ' ann
cc : coleman , mike ; virgo , robert ; dodson , keith ; stanley , brian
subject : fw : cancellation of the master tasking letter
to be clear this is not a major step change , nor is it designed to slow business . very simply , we are moving to the methodology used successfullly by the west power group which allows for clear billing and planning for all involved .
louise
from : coleman , mike
sent : 13 september 2001 09 : 51
to : dodson , keith ; stanley , brian
cc : duran , w . david ; jacoby , ben ; irvin , steve ; kroll , heather ; virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; morris , sandy ; golden , bruce ; rose , steven ; chmielewski , robert ; rimbau , robert w . ; coffer , walter ; austin , terri ; booth , eric ; newlin , ross ; garrison , john ; aboudaher , omar ; williams , dan e . ; gordon , d ' ann
subject : cancellation of the master tasking letter
keith and brian ,
ena management has declined to approve extention of the master tasking letter . the result of this is that no funding is approved for any work by eos other than by the few specific tasking letters that have been approved for specific tasks . as of tomorrow , 15 september , the mtl will be closed and no further charges will be accepted against this charge number .
going forward , no charges for eos or other services outside ena will be authorized except those approved under a signed tasking letter specific to the relevant project . no tasking letter will be issues for approval until the responsible ena developer / originator establishes an ena charge number against which charges applied to a tasking letter can be charged .
we will attempt to schedule a meeting next week to wrap up costs and review any on - going critical needs . in the meantime , inform any of your staff charging to the mtl that this charge number is closed after tomorrow .
thanks !
mike