Subject: fw : enovate audit
for your information .
laura
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : penman , gregg
sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 9 : 56 am
to : tomaski , richard ; simpson , james ; fascetti , lee ; rodrigue , robin ; pikofsky , lynn ; kimbrough , jona
cc : luce , laura
subject : enovate audit
as most of you are aware , people ' s internal audit team , with assistance from an audit consultant specializing in trading operations , has been conducting an audit of enovate business processes , reporting , and general operations . the audit has been concluded with the issuance of a formal report to people ' s senior management as well as a perc / enovate response to their review . overall , people ' s audit team found enovate to be a very well managed operation with proper controls , appropriate separation of duties and adequate reporting . as noted in their report , " . . . the enovate team has done an outstanding job of creating a well - organized and profitable business . we found that enovate ' s and enron ' s staffs were extremely helpful , knowledgeable and willing to assist us during the course of the audit . " furthermore , " the audit found that the general management of enovate ' s business processes was very good , and exceeded that of many entities that had been in business for several years . our review of enovate found the trading activity to be well monitored with adequate segregation of duties between the trading , management and support functions . "
everyone deserves credit and should take pride in the overall findings of the audit , particularly given the complexity of enovate and our sometimes limited resources . also , thank you for your patience and accommodations of the audit team throughout the process .
however , like all audits there are certain items which need to be addressed , clarified or improved . we have set a timeline to address each one of the findings and provide an appropriate response to the audit team . as such , a few of you will be requested to provide additional assistance in the near future . i will be contacting those individuals separately to discuss the necessary follow up .
thanks - gregg