Subject: analyst / associate program update breakfast meeting
many exciting things have happened since i last emailed you about the program . today , i will highlight the results of the recent program survey and discuss several initiatives we have underway . i also want to invite each of you to attend one of four meetings we ' ve scheduled to discuss the information below in greater detail , and to provide you with an opportunity for q & a .
program survey
i want thank everyone who participated in the program survey a few weeks ago . as promised , i also want to communicate the results of the feedback you provided . in short , we ' ve made progress over the past 5 months in a number of areas , but there are still things that we can improve on . below are some summary points about the survey , and how the results compare to the last program survey in october 2000 .
we surveyed all members of the western hemisphere program , business unit supervisors and prc reps , and summer interns .
response rates of about 40 % were consistent with last year .
when asked about overall satisfaction with the program , " favorable " responses from associates improved to 58 % from 27 % , and from analysts improved to 46 % from 41 % . " unfavorable " responses also improved for both groups ( associates to 8 % from 41 % last year , and analysts to 13 % from 29 % ) .
similar improvements were noted in the responses from the business units . when asked about overall satisfaction with the program , " favorable " responses improved to 69 % from 49 % , and " unfavorable " responses improved to 3 % from 24 % .
areas for improvement most frequently mentioned included rotation management , compensation , performance review process , and communication . we have activities in progress to continue improvement in each of these areas .
initiatives
below are some highlights of several things that will " roll - out " over the next few weeks , and many of them reflect your input to the program through survey feedback , as well as meetings that i ' ve had with many of you .
a new , online rotation information and management system is in development and should be ready for delivery during the 4 th quarter .
compensation packages have been revised for the current recruiting season . an equity adjustment for current members of the program is set for february 2002 , several months ahead of the new class start dates .
we made significant changes to the prc process at mid - year . at this time we are working with hr on further improvements which will be implemented for the year - end process .
on the communication front several things are happening . the associate / analyst program newsletter will return later this month . the format will be a concise email similar to the entouch newsletter used by wholesale , and global flash in europe . a new external website for the program was launched last week ( access it via www . enron . com ) . a new internal website is expected to be operational by the end of september . we are also planning espeak and brown bag sessions this fall to talk in greater detail about things like recruiting , the prc process , and other topics of interest . we will also continue the pizza lunch schedule .
an updated social and community service activity schedule has been completed , and we are working on a more integrated approach to training and development for the program .
program meetings
i invite each of you to select and attend one of the meetings listed below , where i will discuss in greater detail the information i ' ve highlighted above . each meeting will be held in eb 5 c 2 , and will run from 7 : 30 to 8 : 30 am . a continental breakfast will be provided . because space in this room is limited , pls rsvp to my assistant maxine levingston by the dates listed below . maxine can be reached by email at maxine . e . levingston @ enron . com .
friday , sept 21 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , thursday sept 20 )
tuesday , sept 25 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , monday sept 24 )
wednesday , sept 26 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , tuesday sept 25 )
tuesday , oct . 9 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , monday , oct . 8 )
i look forward to seeing each of you over the next few weeks .
best regards ,
billy lemmons
vice president , associate / analyst program