Subject: fw : entouch newsletter
fyi
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : ena . public . relations @ enron . com
[ mailto : ena . public . relations @ enron . com ]
sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 10 : 17 pm
to : en . touch . newsletter . list @ enron . com
subject : entouch newsletter
( embedded image moved to file : pic 26962 . pcx )
business highlights
enron global markets - coal and emissions trading
the first enron online synfuel trade occurred this past week , establishing
enrononline as the only online marketplace for synfuel . the purpose of
bringing synfuel on enrononline is to provide market transparency between
the coal / synfuel spread .
the coal cash book , which began trading only two months ago , has traded
over 2 million spot tons . the fundamental purpose of this book is to
capture short term market discrepancies , while also adding liquidity to the
spot market to further long term trading and marketing of coal .
enron energy and operational services - ena solid fuel initiative
ena started development of a coal initiative late last year to support the
electricity trading desk and to provide enron with a hedge in the event
that the cost of natural gas continues to escalate above current long term
projections . because of the culture shock associated the use of the words
' enron ' and ' coal ' in the same sentence , consideration was been given to
changing the name to dng ( dense natural gas ) ; however , we went with solid
fuel initiative .
this initiative is developing multiple sites throughout the country where
ena feels there is the greatest opportunity for long term corporate
benefit . the primary areas are texas , florida , southeastern ohio and the
central rocky mountain area . there are 2 principal areas currently being
aggressively pursued : brownsville , tx and brighton fl . in brownsville ,
the team secured formal owner approval to lease a 600 acre site near the
brownsville ship channel . this approval will allow the formal permitting
activities to proceed without delay .
a 500 mw facility is being considered for brownsville . as conceptualized ,
it will consist of two - 250 mw ( net ) cfb units ( circulating fluidized bed )
boilers . the boilers will be fired by petroleum coke ( petcoke ) and use a
technology that will generate electricity in the most environmentally
friendly way currently possible . one of the advantages of locating this
facility near brownsville is that it remains a steady growth area and there
is already serious interest by others to take substantial initial base load
capacity . there is further synergy with other developing projects in the
area that could lock down additional base capacity . as stated the plant is
initially 500 mw , but will be designed to be expanded to a 1000 mw
facility .
the eeos team is starting to grow and currently includes hilda akin &
cheryl kent , project admin assistants , bill fox as pem , and paula solomon
as pcm . as the project develops there will be more team members required .
in addition , as the florida opportunity develops we plan to establish a
separate team .
esource
esource , enron ' s research group , recently posted on its website a forrester
report as well as analyst reports for various industry and companies .
these reports are free and available to all enron employees on the esource
hot topics page at http : / / esource . enron . com / hot _ topics . asp . to date , over 1 , 600 employees
have downloaded " spending wisely on private hubs " , a report valued at
$ 2 , 000 . over 1 , 100 employees to date have viewed the analyst reports ,
provided by investext . the reports , which are updated continuously , are
presented in folders by company and industry . new folders are being added
upon request . to submit a suggestion for a new folder , please complete the
suggestion form at http : / / esource . enron . com / suggestion . asp .
watch for the new esource bulletin , the source . it will feature frequently
requested searches , tips on finding information , new products , services ,
and events .
meanwhile , to further fulfill enron ' s information needs , esource has
arranged for analysts and bureau chiefs of various organizations and
publishing houses to offer seminars to enron employees .
enron freight markets
efm signed a firm contract with streamline shippers association last week
to provide truckload capacity for one - year with efm ' s option to extend the
contract for up to an additional year . streamline transloads international
shipments that enter the u . s . through the ports of long beach and los
angeles . streamline then consolidates the shipments into full truckloads
destined to the major population centers throughout the country . efm will
begin moving shipments to northeast destinations this week .
in the news
we are pleased to announce that sally beck has been named chief operating
officer for enron net works . she will join greg piper , president and chief
executive officer and mark pickering , chief technology officer in the enron
net works office of the chair .
in her current role as managing director for enron net works , sally heads
up enron ' s global risk management operations . she brings more than 20
years professional experience to enron , joining the company in 1992 . she
graduated from the university of texas at austin with a b . b . a . in marketing
and an mba with a concentration in finance .
welcome
new hires
egm - robert bogucki , adam gianonne
eim - sylvia miller
ena - theresa mcbride , sriram vasudevan , jonathan mckay
transfers ( to or within )
ena - brandon cavazos
egm - michael garcia
nuggets & notes
congratulations to rahul kumar for passing the cfa level iii exam .
weather risk management
the weather group is pleased to welcome several new people to their group .
trevor nathan and norm trethewey have joined the australia office and kaoru
hijikata has joined the tokyo office . please welcome them to our team .
enrononline figures
below are the latest figures for enrononline as of september 7
? total life to date transactions > 1 , 420 , 000
? life to date notional value of transactions > $ 809 billion
enron best practice tips
united parcel service ( ups ) delivers the following air products :
ups next day air early a . m . - 8 : 30 a . m . to selected zip codes
ups next day air - guaranteed by 10 : 30 a . m .
ups next day air saver - guaranteed by 3 : 00 p . m .
ups 2 nd day air am - guaranteed by 12 : 00 p . m .
ups 2 nd day air - guaranteed by end of second day
ups 3 - day select - guaranteed by end of third day
ups international service - world - wide express plus , by 8 : 30 a . m . to select
cities in europe
ups world - wide express - second business day
for questions about selected cities and zip codes , please call the enron
preferred customer associate at 800 - 432 - 2877 .
ups is enron ' s preferred vendor for express deliveries .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and
proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for
internal use only and should not be disclosed .