Subject: re : amendment to im ii ppa
i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation .
i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) .
please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 )
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : curry , mike
sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm
to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a .
cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan
subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa
we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lamb , john
sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am
to : curry , mike
cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay
subject : amendment to im ii ppa
mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks
regards
john
>