Subject: fw : new building standards
last time i have a chat with pickering .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : pickering , mark
sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 8 : 58 am
to : lavorato , john
subject : fw : new building standards
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : pickering , mark
sent : sat 15 / 09 / 2001 08 : 56
to :
cc : piper , greg
subject : fw : new building standards
hi john ,
following our chat yesterday ( see memo below ) . as i get into the role i will work on reducing our costs across the company . i think that if we can make the costs more apparant to the employee and their supervisors , we can make the employees self regulate what they have . i . e . buy less , save directly at the bottom line , increase enron ' s profit ratio and get the stock price back up .
mrp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : pickering , mark
sent : sat 15 / 09 / 2001 08 : 50
to : rub , jenny ; bucknell , martin
cc :
subject : new building standards
jenny / martin ,
john lavorato had a bit of a go yesterday about all the hardware we ' ve ordered for the new building i . e . 8000 new screens . he complained about assistants having multiple flat screens etc and he generally complained about bibi ' s policy of giving the best to everyone . he used the example of many trading houses that he has seen on tv in the recent news coverage as still having crt ' s for their traders .
can you let me know if we currently have standard configurations both in the new and old building of what we give people at certain levels .
i want us to start working on making employees understand the cost and getting them to think about saving money . we can start to do this by publishing openly the costs of each component of typical setups . we could also ask people to turn in equipment they may have that they dont need and we can redeploy ( we did this effectively in europe ) .
you will probably tell me we already do this , and thats good , just show me .
this will become a general theme .
thanks
mrp