Subject: gtv weekly project status report
please find below the project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline .
gtv status meeting attendees : chuck ames , thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , brad jones , narasim kasaru , jay krish , francis lim , russ severson , michael swaim , jeremy wong .
accomplishments :
? gtv 2 phase 1 items
o released to production .
? saving different views in tds :
o released to production .
? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :
o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .
? option grid ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :
o released to production .
? basis options ( phase 2 ) :
o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .
o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
o development of portcalc valuation of basis spread options completed .
? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :
o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .
o changes to the translator have been completed .
? add more information to the drill - down deal details .
o released to production .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o database schema design completed .
o initial load of active deals from sitara completed .
o tibco work completed .
o units of measure conversions completed .
o update of active deals from sitara completed .
o development of query engine completed .
o development of delphi feed to excel completed .
o schema mapping completed .
o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed .
o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed .
o complete development of excel vb .
o complete remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) .
o complete development of update of active deals from tagg .
plans for the week ending 09 / 21 / 01 :
? continue it development of phase ii issues .
o continue option reports ( pl reports ) .
o continue development of portcalc to value transport deals .
o continue testing of basis options .
? new flexible deal viewer .
o continue user acceptance testing .
? project timeline estimate of implementing tds for calgary office .
? project timeline estimate of distinguishing deal changes and unify volume feedback .
? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals .
? discuss with jeff gossett about possible new requirements for option reports .
issues :
? none .
notes
? user acceptance test of new flexible deal viewer is temporarily at halt at this time and will resume whenever testers are identified .
? canada still needs to test y - calc .
thanks
zhiyong