Subject: fortune most powerful women in business summit
thank you , first of all , for supporting us in our decision to
reschedule the summit . the following letter has been sent to all
participants . though we ' ve been in touch with you by phone , we would
greatly appreciate your reconfirming , as soon as you can , for our
march event , as follows . . . .
to : fortune most powerful women in business summit
participants
from : pattie sellers
date : september 19 , 2001
re : postponement of summit
my fortune colleagues join me in hoping that you and your loved ones
are safe during this time of tragedy .
in the aftermath of last week ' s horrific events , we have decided to
postpone the upcoming fortune most powerful women in business summit
scheduled for october 3 - 5 in pasadena . the new dates and location are
march 6 - 8 , 2002 , at la quinta resort & club in palm springs ,
california .
while certainly much could have been gained from bringing together
this remarkable group of leaders at this time , it ' s clear that our
participants need to stay close to their homes and businesses .
already , the march program promises to be every bit as strong as the
october summit . almost all of our speakers have confirmed that
they can join us at la quinta march 6 - 8 . carly fiorina , jack welch ,
oprah winfrey , andrea jung , shelly lazarus , pat russo , sherry
lansing , gerry laybourne , jamie gorelick , lisa caputo , betsy bernard ,
lynn forester , louise kitchen , ann richards , stacey snider , ginger
graham , nancy peretsman , anna catalano , marie wilson , peggy brill ,
and anna deavere smith have all locked in the new dates . . . and we
hope you will too .
kindly let us know as soon as possible whether you can be with us next
march by contacting suzanne o ' leary at 212 - 522 - 9444 or
suzanne _ o ' leary @ timeinc . com . suzanne can arrange a full refund of your
registration fee if you cannot join us at la quinta . if you have
already made reservations at the ritz - carlton huntington hotel & spa
in pasadena , we will take care of canceling your room reservation for
next month .
like you , we were anticipating an outstanding summit next month . but
we hope you agree with our decision to postpone it . we look forward to
coming together in strength on march 6 - 8 to forge new and lasting
relationships and to explore how extraordinary women rise to meet the
challenges of extraordinary times .