Subject: texaco / havoline grand prix
the texaco / havoline grand prix of houston will take place downtown on october 5 - 7 , 2001 . enron has developed a relationship with the pacwest racing team , a member of the cart fedex championship series featuring drivers scott dixon and mauricio gugelmin , which will enable us to offer our customers and executives a one of a kind hospitality package that will include the following features :
gourmet hospitality including breakfast and lunch prepared for enron guests by an on - site chef at the race track in pacwest ' s summit ( mobile hospitality and business suites )
paddock passes allowing enron guests to visit the garage areas where race car preparation takes place and providing a " behind the scenes " look at the business of motor sports
sunday race event tickets located in grandstand c , just before turn one and adjacent to the pacwest summit
special pacwest driver autograph and " meet and greet " sessions for enron guests
guided tours of pacwest ' s transporters and garage areas for enron guests thereby providing a hands - on look at how the race cars are prepared for the weekend ' s on - track activities
opportunity to network with companies that support pacwest including but not limited to : nextel , jp morgan chase , gemstar , pennzoil , ppg , tully ' s coffee , snap - on , bosch , freightliner , toyota , panasonic , 3 d village
i currently have the following tickets available for this event :
friday , october 5 - 4 tickets
saturday , october 6 - 15 tickets
sunday , october 7 - 20 tickets
( no cost will be allocated back to company and rc numbers )
please let me know how many tickets you would like to reserve for this event by tuesday , september 25 .
on wednesday , i would like to offer the remaining tickets to all managing directors and vps within ea , egm and eim . if there are specific individuals within your area that you would like to have this information distributed to , please advise .
attached , please find the program of events and various pictures of the hospitality area . complete information on the race can be found at http : / / www . texacogp . com .
dorie hitchcock
event manager
enron
1400 smith street
suite 3640 a
houston , tx 77002
telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978
fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800
cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093
e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com