Subject: fw : enron accused of infringing patent for electronic trading
this story appeared in bloomberg today . it ' s true that we were served today . based on vance meyer ' s ( pr ) conversation with legal , our current media response is that we don ' t comment on litigation . mark taylor , richard sanders , travis mccullaugh and an attorney from v meyer , vance ; philipp , meredith ; denne , karen
subject : enron accused of infringing patent for electronic trading
enron accused of infringing patent for electronic trading
2001 - 09 - 21 15 : 07 ( new york )
enron accused of infringing patent for electronic trading
marshall , texas , sept . 21 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the
largest energy trader , and its online unit are accused in a
lawsuit of infringing a texas company ' s patent for an electronic
trading system .
bid / ask llc of baird , texas , formerly called auction source
llc , said it is the sole rights owner of a patent issued in may
2000 for a ` ` real - time network exchange with seller specified
exchange parameters and interactive seller participation . ' '
houston - based enron and its enrononline unit are improperly
using that patented technology through its internet - based
electronic trading facility , according to the lawsuit filed sept .
17 in federal court in marshall , texas . enron trades commodities
such as natural gas and electricity on that trading network .
bid / ask seeks a court order blocking enron from infringing
the patent , and is asking for damages .
enrononline began trading electricity and natural gas in
november 1999 . between then and the second quarter of 2001 , it ' s
handled more than 1 million transactions valued at more than $ 685
billion , the company has said .
enron , which also trades space on fiber - optic networks , coal ,
paper and other commodities , had net income of $ 979 million on
revenue of $ 100 . 8 billion in 2000 .
an official with enron couldn ' t immediately be reached for
comment .
shares of enron rose 13 cents to $ 28 . 52 in midafternoon
trading .