Subject: re : dealbench , tobias munk
has tobias shown us who is backing him and how much money he can get ? we still need to , in parallel , deal with the business units on if they will support it through an allocation processs in 2002 .
thanks .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : richter , brad
sent : saturday , september 22 , 2001 3 : 09 pm
to : miller , don ( asset mktg )
cc : piper , greg ; kitchen , louise
subject : fw : dealbench , tobias munk
don - -
since tobias munk is no longer an employee of enron as of last week , please direct all correspondance concerning dealbench to either me or ross mesquita . we will then contact potential purchasers or investors at the appropriate time . as you know , we are currently formulating our plans for the platform and we would appreciate any input you have to that end . if you have any questions , please feel free to give me a call . thanks in advance for your help on this .
brad richter
vice president , enrononline
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : piper , greg
sent : fri 9 / 21 / 2001 1 : 35 pm
to : richter , brad
cc :
subject : fw : dealbench , tobias munk
fyi . your thoughts on this ? let ' s discuss monday . gp
greg piper
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
to : piper , greg
sent : fri sep 21 12 : 03 : 30 2001
subject : fw : dealbench , tobias munk
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : munk , tobias
sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 11 : 12 am
to : miller , don ( asset mktg )
cc : kitchen , louise
subject : dealbench , tobias munk
hi don ,
the investment climate out there is very harsh , as you probably know . for me to raise vc money i need to show client business .
if you could confirm to me on a non - binding basis that enron americas is looking to continue to use dealbench datarooms and that a platform lease of a substantial value could be reached , that would help me a great deal in the process . please feel free to amend in any way you feel fit and be as specific or unspecific as you see appropriate .
please reply to my enron e - mail as well as my private e - mail
tobiasmunk @ yahoo . com
thanks very much and i will be in touch ( after the quarter and your successful divestitures : - )
tobias munk