Subject: organization changes
today , we are forming enron global services ( egs ) in order to more closely align our asset - based businesses .
this reorganization will allow egs to focus our resources on opportunities that present the highest value to enron . it will also accomplish the following : 1 ) enhanced synergies among our assets and personnel , 2 ) more effective prioritization of business opportunities , and 3 ) better management of enron ' s asset - based businesses throughout the world .
enron global services ' energy asset portfolio includes the north american pipeline businesses of enron transportation services ( ets ) , including northern border ; the international pipeline , power and distribution operations of enron global assets portland general electric ; eott energy corp ; enron wind ; azurix and wessex water .
reporting to me as the heads of their respective business units are :
? jim hughes , president & coo - egs / international
? danny mccarty , managing director & cco - ets
? bill cordes , president - northern border partners
? peggy fowler , president & ceo - portland general electric
? john garrison , president & ceo - azurix
? dana gibbs , president & coo - eott energy corp
? colin skellett , ceo - wessex water
? adam umanoff , president & ceo - enron wind
with the creation of egs , we hope to enhance the efficient utilization of our commercial support services . to accomplish this , egs ' staff and operational functions will be headed by :
? rod hayslett , managing director & cfo
? rob walls , managing director & general counsel
? phil lowry , managing director , pipeline operations and engineering & construction
? brian stanley , president & ceo - eeos
? steve hotte , vice president & cio
? john ambler , vice president , communications & pr
? gary smith , vice president , human resources
in addition , rob walls will continue to perform his role as deputy general counsel for enron reporting to jim derrick .
phil lowry will be responsible for domestic pipeline operations , technical services and engineering & construction , as well as , international pipeline technical services and engineering & construction . brian stanley will be responsible for technical services and engineering & construction for international power and distribution facilities .
below is an organization chart for enron global services , which displays the changes described here . we are confident this new organization will focus our talent and capital appropriately . please join me in supporting this management team as it strives to maximize enron ' s return on its assets .
