Subject: re : approval process for entouch
we consistently have to work on the lack of response issue . some of that is dealt with through walking around and poking around . we just have to be vigilant in ferreting out information . additionally , approval can be received via e - mail , phone or in - person from business unit head or commercial group head . our goal will be to do everything possible to make sure an article appears rather than holding it for future release .
as for the eeos / ena or cross group issue , that is addressed in # 4 below . please advise .
eric
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , september 24 , 2001 9 : 57 am
to : thode , eric
cc : grabstald , kathie
subject : re : approval process for entouch
i am worried though that stories will miss the report purely through lack of response . are we also addressing the recent issue which was a cross group issue ( eeos would have approved this story even though ena wouldn ' t ) . i think you need some check where stories include two groups .
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : thode , eric
sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 10 : 10 am
to : kitchen , louise
cc : grabstald , kathie
subject : approval process for entouch
louise - -
my recommendation for an approval process for entouch is as follows :
1 ) the deadline to provide information for that week ' s issue of entouch will be wednesday at 12 : 00 pm . all information submitted after that time will be held until the following week .
2 ) a draft of entouch will be forwarded to each business unit head ( or their designee ) and commercial group head ( or their designee ) , who has a business highlight or other information appearing in that particular issue . e - mail , phone or in - person approval will be required from either a business unit head ( or their designee ) or commercial group head ( or their designee ) prior to distribution to enron messaging administration on thursday at 2 : 00 pm .
3 ) if approval is not received prior to the deadline , the business highlight or other information will be pulled until approval is received .
4 ) in the event a business unit or commercial group provides information that crosses business unit or commercial group lines , all affected business units and commercial groups will receive the draft and a representative of each involved party will be required to approve per instruction # 2 .
i believe this process will alleviate the two problems that have occurred over the past few months . please advise .
additionally , i have attached the list of contacts kathie uses for gathering entouch information . it includes the primary contacts and their secondary contacts . please feel free to comment on this list .
thanks .
eric
>