Subject: fw : csfb independent power weekly - - issue # 44
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ]
sent : monday , september 24 , 2001 7 : 52 am
to : undisclosed - recipients
subject : csfb independent power weekly - - issue # 44
>
good morning ,
attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly .
also note that there is a replay available of our conference call , which
took place last week . the dial - in number is 402 / 220 - 7493 . the pin # is
7493 . the call featured judah rose from icf consulting . topics discussed
included : 1 . recent trends in the us power market ; 2 . their impact on the
generation supply chain ; and , 3 . the relationship between gdp and power
demand . a copy of the slides that accompanied judah ' s presentation is
available upon request .
summary :
1 . ipp ' s fall 5 . 1 % last week our our ipp composite declined 15 . 4 % ,
outperforming the nasdaq ( - 15 . 7 % ) , but underperforming the s 2 . ipps limit the amount of capital allocated to new plant
construction and pursue share buybacks or acquisitions of other ipps ; or , 3 .
traditional utilities ( both domestic and foreign ) or other entities from
outside the industry pursue acquisitions of ipps .
regards ,
neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217
this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain
confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no
confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission .
if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all
copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the
sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute ,
print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended
recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any
views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except
where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state
them to be the views of any such entity .
unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is
indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to
deal at any price quoted .
any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as
preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation .