Subject: re : mba question for louise
louise - - here ' s a draft of the answer for this guy ( david zaccour ) . i didn ' t get to spend a lot of time on it . this should give him some good stuff to combine with his own research . if you think we need to give him more , please let me know .
kal
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 12 : 55 pm
to : shah , kal
subject : fw : mba question for louise
can you have a go at answering this for me and send something to me for me to edit and send to him .
thanks
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : taylor , liz m .
sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 12 : 53 pm
to : kitchen , louise
subject : fw : mba question for louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : zaccour , david
sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 11 : 20 am
to : taylor , liz m .
subject : mba question for louise
liz ,
i work for anthony dayao as part of the ees it group but formerly was in enron net works under steve stock and met louise briefly in 1999 . i ' m in the middle of the rice university executive mba program and for one of our final exam questions , we are permitted to consult internal resources . the question is regarding how we ( enron ) have used the internet to differentiate ourselves from other organizations ( competitors ) in the industry . during our rice mba classes , eol was brought up several times so it ' s considered very highly by the school . i would be remiss if i didn ' t mention its strengths during our exam .
my professor has provided me assurance in writing ( email ) that any answer will not be published .
i appreciate louise ' and your time in helping me on this school exam paper .
regards ,
david zaccour
713 - 853 - 6659
832 - 978 - 3471 ( cell )
exam question :
2 . working with whomever you deem is appropriate in your organization , identify the three organizations in your industry , which in your opinion , use the internet and world wide web the best .
if your organization is not one of the top three , what does it need to do on the internet and world wide web to move to the " best " category ? if your organization is among the top three organizations in your industry , what uses of the internet and world wide web have differentiated your organization from other organizations in your industry ?