Subject: greater houston partnership article
cathy - - thanks for talking to me about your article . i understand that you will be interviewing louise kitchen tomorrow morning and i wanted to give you some background information . enrononline is enron ' s global e - commerce web site for commodity transactions . it has been extremely successful in reaching customers globally from right here in houston . if your article is about how brick - and - mortar companies in houston are doing business virtually , enrononline can serve as a good example .
i have included the detailed information about enrononline below . you may also wish to visit http : / / www . enrononline . com / docs / marketing / pressroom / and http : / / www . enron . com / corp / pressroom / inthenews / to gather more information . if i can provide any other assistance , please call me at 713 953 9354 .
thanks
kal shah
713 853 9354
background : enrononline
enrononline has taken the energy industry by storm , irrevocably changing the way energy commodities are bought and sold . a global , easy - to - transact internet - based system , enrononline has made commodity prices more transparent and available to all players simultaneously . it has added market liquidity , lowered price spreads and given commodity traders more control than they ' ve ever had before .
the numbers alone are staggering . as of september 15 , 2001 , enrononline has completed 1 . 5 million transactions worth $ 800 billion in value , trading more than $ 5 billion on average daily . it now accounts for 60 percent of all of enron ' s trading volume .
more than 1 , 800 products are traded on enrononline in 13 currencies . products include natural gas , electricity , crude oil , coal , weather derivatives , air - emissions credits , plastics , pulp & paper , metals , steel and telecommunications bandwidth , and enron traders update their prices second by second . enrononline is truly global . through the web , it serves customers and markets in the u . s . , canada , austria , belgium , france , germany , netherlands , norway , spain , sweden , switzerland , u . k , japan and australia . enrononline is a principal - based system , which means that enron serves as counterparty in all transactions and guarantees liquidity to fulfill all buy and sell orders .
the true impact of enrononline resonates throughout the global energy business . typical large - scale energy investments , such as uncovering new resources or building significant assets , influence prices over the short - term or affect only a handful of players . enrononline , however , is transforming the way energy commodities are bought and sold . for the first time , enron ' s buy and sell prices are posted publicly for all to see anywhere in the world . users can get a thorough read of the market by browsing through endless strips and terms , or they can strike immediately ( with a few clicks of the mouse ) when they spot what they want . accessed over the internet with a secure password , enrononline is a global system that requires no special hardware or software .