Subject: fw : enron management conference - home video project
who is this guy .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : james , terrie
sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 2 : 19 pm
to : lavorato , john
cc : clark , mary
subject : re : enron management conference - home video project
i heard about the videos at your offsite and i ' m hoping people will take your lead . vhs shot on someone ' s sony will be great ! innovision has also agreed to work with any team to simply provide editing services for them .
as for the $ 10 , 000 figure . . . i was concerned that if " outsourcing " wasn ' t an option , we wouldn ' t get many entries . but the cheaper the better - - there will be recognition given to the best " independently produced " video .
thanks for your input and i hope enron americas will have a submission .
terrie
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lavorato , john
sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 12 : 54 pm
to : james , terrie
cc : kitchen , louise
subject : re : enron management conference - home video project
you should give zero budget for videos , not 10 , 000 . we did this for our offsite and it worked fine .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : james , terrie
sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 12 : 35 pm
to : lay , kenneth ; whalley , greg ; frevert , mark ; causey , richard ; fastow , andrew ; koenig , mark ; delainey , david ; dietrich , janet ; horton , stanley ; mccarty , danny ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; bowen jr . , raymond ; sherriff , john ; brown , michael - coo london ; fallon , jim ; dimichele , rich ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; mcconnell , mike ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; piper , greg ; beck , sally
cc : kean , steven j . ; olson , cindy ; clark , mary ; williamson , joannie ; ' beth . stier @ innocom . pv '
subject : enron management conference - home video project
the enron management conference will be held wednesday through friday , november 14 - 16 , 2001 , at the westin la cantera resort in san antonio . while the business agenda is still being finalized , there is one thing that is certain . . . we want to inject some humor into the event . the past year has been eventful , and at times challenging , for enron and its employees . however , it ' s not in enron ' s corporate fabric to focus on the past . instead , we want to look ahead , and even laugh at ourselves . the management conference will provide a platform for just that .
we want to challenge each of the business units to develop and submit a humorous " home video " to be presented at the management conference . the video can address any enron - related topic that your business unit chooses . however , there are a few rules to follow .
1 . ) the videos should be no more than five minutes long .
2 . ) business units should spend as little as possible on the videos , and no more than $ 10 , 000 . innovision communications ( beth stier ) has agreed to work with any business unit to help them create an original , inexpensive video . innovision can be contacted at 713 - 446 - 4424 .
3 . ) the videos should be fun , but not disparaging . they should adhere to enron ' s values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence .
4 . ) by monday , october 15 , business units need to notify me of their intention to submit a video . to avoid duplication , business units will also need to identify a topic they intend to address .
5 . ) to ensure inclusion in the management conference agenda , videos need to be submitted to me by friday , november 9 .
6 . ) awards will be given for creativity and humor . the first annual , and soon - to - be - coveted , " enny " will also be awarded for " best overall video . "
if you have any questions about the " home video " project , please contact myself or mary clark .
terrie james
ph . 713 - 853 - 7727
terrie . james @ enron . com
mary clark
ph . 713 - 853 - 7325
mary . clark @ enron . com
good luck and happy filming !
terrie james