Subject: re : enron management conference - home video project
i ' ll in
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 12 : 34 pm
to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; dayao , anthony ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; dutt , ranabir ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; keel , allan ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; martin , thomas a . ; mcdonald , michael ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; parquet , david ; presto , kevin m . ; redmond , brian ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; thompson , c . john ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank w . ; whitt , mark ; wiggs , brett ; zipper , andy ; zufferli , john
cc : lavorato , john
subject : fw : enron management conference - home video project
any volunteers to take on this project ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : james , terrie
sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 12 : 35 pm
subject : enron management conference - home video project
the enron management conference will be held wednesday through friday , november 14 - 16 , 2001 , at the westin la cantera resort in san antonio . while the business agenda is still being finalized , there is one thing that is certain . . . we want to inject some humor into the event . the past year has been eventful , and at times challenging , for enron and its employees . however , it ' s not in enron ' s corporate fabric to focus on the past . instead , we want to look ahead , and even laugh at ourselves . the management conference will provide a platform for just that .
we want to challenge each of the business units to develop and submit a humorous " home video " to be presented at the management conference . the video can address any enron - related topic that your business unit chooses . however , there are a few rules to follow .
1 . ) the videos should be no more than five minutes long .
2 . ) business units should spend as little as possible on the videos , and no more than $ 10 , 000 . innovision communications ( beth stier ) has agreed to work with any business unit to help them create an original , inexpensive video . innovision can be contacted at 713 - 446 - 4424 .
3 . ) the videos should be fun , but not disparaging . they should adhere to enron ' s values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence .
4 . ) by monday , october 15 , business units need to notify me of their intention to submit a video . to avoid duplication , business units will also need to identify a topic they intend to address .
5 . ) to ensure inclusion in the management conference agenda , videos need to be submitted to me by friday , november 9 .
6 . ) awards will be given for creativity and humor . the first annual , and soon - to - be - coveted , " enny " will also be awarded for " best overall video . "
if you have any questions about the " home video " project , please contact myself or mary clark .
terrie james
ph . 713 - 853 - 7727
terrie . james @ enron . com
mary clark
ph . 713 - 853 - 7325
mary . clark @ enron . com
good luck and happy filming !
terrie james