Subject: fw : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1
louise ,
attached is the email i spoke about .
i have had several informal comments from various originators regarding running into ees at utilities and municipalities . this morning , bpub informed me that ees is talking to them about sales to their customers under bpub ' s label .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : curry , mike
sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 12 : 14 pm
to : duran , w . david ; forster , david
subject : fw : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1
ees is now fully stepping into the texas wholesale market with this . talking to 70 municipals for aggregated power is ridiculous for ees to be doing . this has to be stopped along with ees providing the " whitepaper " products where they are providing wholesale products to san antonio and others . they are making enron look stupid in not communicating what they are doing with the wholesale desk when we are constantly finding out they are talking to customers in our sic codes that we have been working with toward a deal .
i think a meeting needs to be setup between lavorato and delainey or at your level to get this fixed . i have tried working with my peers at ees and they continue to lie to me and keep working customers in our sic code and even worse with iou ' s and municipals .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : presto , kevin m .
sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 11 : 50 am
to : curry , mike ; gilbert - smith , doug
subject : fw : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1
looks like ader black , tamara jae
subject : cities aggregation power project visit - monday , october 1
tom ,
will you be available for the following visit ? this is another large group . . . in order to keep this from being disruptive , we were thinking of dividing the group into two for two separate overviews . these overviews should only be 10 minutes in length . one would be at 11 : 00 am and the other at 11 : 15 am .
let me know if this is a possibility .
thanks .
jennifer
date : monday , october 1
time : 11 : 00 am
visitor : cities aggregation power project ( 17 of them )
enron host : michelle robichaux , representative national energy sales
value prop : ees is looking to provide electric commodity savings off the ptb for an aggregated load of 70 texas municipals .
objectives : i would like capp to leave knowing just how different enron is from its competitors . this would include enron ' s risk management expertise and size and scope of marketing of gas power and other commodities .
jennifer brockwell
enron corporate marketing
1400 smith street
houston , tx 77002
713 - 345 - 7358
713 - 853 - 6790 fax
jennifer . brockwell @ enron . com