Subject: fw : transmission line project - abb agreement
fyi jeff donohue is ok with the abb exclusivity agreement
i was serious about parquet and mcdonald
chris calger
503 - 464 - 3735
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : donahue , jeff
sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 3 : 15 pm
to : calger , christopher f .
subject : re : transmission line project - abb agreement
chris :
looks fine to me - particularly if lance has ok ' ed it .
hope all ' s going well .
jeff
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : calger , christopher f .
sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 19 pm
to : donahue , jeff
subject : fw : transmission line project - abb agreement
jeff ,
per my voicemail .
regards ,
chris calger
503 - 464 - 3735
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : rasmussen , dale
sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 10 : 42 am
to : mays , wayne ; parquet , david ; etringer , michael
cc : tweed , sheila ; calger , christopher f . ; schuler , lance ( legal )
subject : transmission line project - abb agreement
re - sending with minor changes to the prior documents . a clean copy is now provided .
lance schuler advised me that it is now jeff donahue , rather than mark metz , that needs to sign off on corp ' s behalf , and that either tim detmering , louise kitchen or john lavorato can approve on behalf of ena .
> >
a redraft of the abb confidentiality / exclusive dealings agreement is attached for review and comment .
this document is based on the form abb provided and for which abb has expressed a strong preference .
this draft calls for bilateral exclusivity for the term ( 2 years ) . as several of us have discussed , this will prevent ena from choosing an alternative technology or supplier during that time should it choose to construct a dc transmission line within a 15 - mile radius of san francisco . as i understand it , we are prepared to link arms with abb to do this project because abb is the premier supplier of this type of equipment .
based on recent discussions between wayne and abb , the language necessary for creating the exclusivity arrangement has been added to the form of confidentiality agreement that we had been working on with abb earlier . the added language is somewhat lengthy , but was necessary to establish the relationship and at the same time protect ena against arguments that we are obligated to proceed with the potential transaction .
because this transaction does commit ena to exclusivity obligations i understand that we will need to talk with tim detmering and mark metz about the transaction .
please let me know of comments .
dale rasmussen
tel : ( 503 ) 464 - 8863
fax : ( 503 ) 464 - 8058