Subject: re : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17
so louise - you are almost as important as oprah was last year .
does this mean you wil be holding talk shows for troubled traders ?
m
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : scrimshaw , matthew
sent : 02 october 2001 16 : 10
to : kitchen , louise
cc : romano , marcello
subject : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17
marcello finished 5 th ( out of 30 ) in the caterham 7 ' s at brands hatch on sunday so he ' s famous too now !
carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year
10 / 01 / 2001
business wire
( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire )
new york - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 1 , 2001 - -
lower - profile women topple more well - known names from tech and
internet sector ; ranking includes 14 newcomers
though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business .
the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 .
in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april .
in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . "
fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says .
as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter .
fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon .
while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first .
in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins .
in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune .
2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business
2001 2000
rank rank name title company
1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard
2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay
3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo
entertainment
4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon
5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant
6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox
7 14 karen katen evp and president
pharmaceutical group pfizer
8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron
9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods
10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico
11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather
worldwide
12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity
management and
research
13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart
living omnimedia
14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global
investors
15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom
16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture
group , paramont viacom
17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas
18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive
19 18 marilyn carlson
nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies
20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest
airlines
21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner
22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck
23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer
24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi
universal
25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase
26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak
27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle
operations ford motor
28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard
29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines
30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive ,
storage systems ibm
31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america
32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring
33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup
34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co .
35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab
36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal
investments fidelity
37 new maria elena
lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan
chase private
bank
38 new susan
desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech
39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york
times co .
40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot
41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae
42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential
43 new carrie cox evp and president , global
prescriptions pharmacia
44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks
group disney
45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime
television
networks
46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west
financial
47 new janet davidson group president , integrated
network lucent
solutions
48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway
49 new louise
francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon
50 8 abby joseph
cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs
fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women
rank women title company country
1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain
2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france
3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong
4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden
5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong
6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france
7 eiko kono president recruit japan
8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada
9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy
10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan
11 maureen kempston
darkes president gm canada canada
12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s .
13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed
railway taiwan
14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany
15 ho ching chairman singapore
technologies singapore
16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland
17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell
group britain
18 maria silvia
marques bastos ceo companhia
siderurgica
nacional brazil
19 clara furse ceo london stock
exchange britain
20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain
21 val gooding ceo bupa britain
22 agnes touraine vice chairman and
ceo vivendi universal
publishing france
23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia
24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics &
engineered
prod . switzerland
25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain
26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland
27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china
28 vivienne cox group vice
president bp britain
29 marma asuncisn
arambruzabala
larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico
30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan
31 lalita gupte managing dir .
and coo icici india
32 sawako noma president kodansha japan
33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey
34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong
35 li yifei general manager mtv china china
36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension
plan inv . bd . canada
37 marluce dias da
silva director general rede globo brazil
38 anna cheng
catalano group vice
president bp britain
39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain
40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany
41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel
42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain
43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong
44 teresita sy president sm philippines
45 dominique heriard
dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france
46 gianna
angelopoulos -
daskalaki president athens olympic
committee greece
47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india
48 barbara cassani ceo go britain
49 irene charnley commercial
director m - cell south
africa
50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia