Subject: re : mhi 501 f storage team
chris :
with the $ 1 . 5 million to ship mhi turbines 1 and 2 , the summary of the numbers is the following :
therefore , we would be about $ 300 , 000 over the original dash . these numbers do not include transaction and financing costs . i will do a dash amendment and am copying louise on this email so that she is aware of what is going on . the storeage would be in a bonded warehouse , so no duties would be due at this time . on leads , we have a couple of new parties , but nothing concrete yet . ron has been working with one counterparty and may receive an offer in the near term .
brett
from : christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 01 / 2001 04 : 41 pm cdt
to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron
cc : ben jacoby / enron @ enronxgate
subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team
sounds good . couple of questions :
- are there duties / taxes due upon arrival ?
- were shipping / storage costs included in original dash ?
- is the amount approx $ 1 . 5 mm ?
- any leads on the mhi ' s ?
chris calger
503 - 464 - 3735
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : wiggs , brett
sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 1 : 38 pm
to : christopher f calger @ ect ; ben f jacoby @ ect
subject : fw : mhi 501 f storage team
the proposed plan on the mhi units is to ship units 1 and 2 to the us for storeage at a central location . the storeage costs are significantly less than proposed by mhi and the ability to centralize all of the shipments will be beneficial for a potential sale . from an economic perspective , it would be better if we had a sale in the short term and could ship directly . however , given a lack of any firm sale , the recommendation is to ship them to the us and store . let me know if you are in agreement with going forward with the shipment .
thanks ,
brett
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brett r wiggs / sa / enron on 10 / 01 / 2001 05 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : ron tapscott / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 01 / 2001 03 : 23 pm cdt
to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron
cc : david marshall / enron @ enronxgate , phillip foster / enron @ enronxgate , mike coleman / enron @ enronxgate
subject : fw : mhi 501 f storage team
brett ,
we will need your approval over the next couple of days to complete arangements for the shipment of units 1 coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill ; leigh , lorie ; ' markthurber @ akllp . com '
cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; virgo , robert
subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team
i have summarized the costs associated with shipping and storage of mhi units 1 however ; not a requirement if mhi decides to extract a large premium
? will require specific storage instructions from mhi ( will make a request on tomorrow ' s call )
? packing requirements to maintain warranty
? other requirements ( space heaters , etc . )
? inspection instructions
? plan to submit a request to mhi that the unit ( s ) be readied for shipment ( est . sept . 30 with written notice )
? carrier able to be at port of export by oct . 22 - 31
? estimate 32 days from port of export to port of import
please review and forward comments by tomorrow morning . i will formalize for a discussion with dave duran and ben jacoby prior to the mhi phone call ,
thanks , ron .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : tapscott , ron
sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 11 : 17 am
to : bills , lisa ; coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill ; leigh , lorie
cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; virgo , robert
subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team
i would like to have a followup meeting on monday , september 24 from 10 a - 11 a on the storage of units 1 coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill
cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; virgo , robert
subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team
thank you for your input on the storage of the mhi units 1 coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim ; fox , bill
subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team
sandy ,
i would appreciate if you could reserve a conference room for today from 2 - 3 p . the meeting will be a followup to our mhi unit storage meeting from friday . please copy everyone on this e - mail once you establish a place .
in addition , i have mhi coming in tomorrow . i would like to reserve a conference room from 9 a - 4 p . there will be anywhere from 7 - 9 people in this meeting . the meeting tomorrow will have a slightly different group of people in attendance . just forward me the place and i will see that it is forwarded to those participating .
i appreciate your help .
thanks , ron .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : leigh , lorie
sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 15 am
to : tapscott , ron ; bills , lisa ; coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david ; sutherland , jim
cc : zarsky , lisa
subject : re : mhi 501 f storage team
conference room eb 0791 has been reserved from 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 for this meeting .
lorie leigh
senior admin . asst .
enron east power generation development
office : 713 - 853 - 1696
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : tapscott , ron
sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 6 : 35 am
to : bills , lisa ; coleman , mike ; barto , brian ; foster , phillip ; mayeaux , james ; marshall , david
cc : leigh , lorie ; zarsky , lisa
subject : mhi 501 f storage team
i would like to have a meeting today regarding the storage of mhi 501 f units 1 & 2 . we have received a proposal from mhi for these units to be stored in japan which is attached . i believe we have better options if mhi persists in their views on how the unit will be stored and enron is charged for these services . i would like for you to review and offer comments and suggestions . i have also attached the letter i sent to them outlining our requirements .
does anytime from 1 - 3 p work for everyone .
copy lorie leigh / lisa zarsky on your availability and they will coordinate a meeting for this afternoon .
thanks , ron .
> >