Subject: fw : oct 3 - ecs 6 th floor
louise ,
i sent these out last night per john ' s instructions . i have been receiving updates all morning . churns need to be completed this week for the project team to remain on schedule . these are the most up to date ; if i have received an update i have indicated it with " - c " by the group name .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shepperd , tammy r .
sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 6 : 45 pm
to : will , lloyd ; arora , harry ; kroll , heather ; llodra , john ; forster , david ; sturm , fletcher j . ; davis , dana ; neal , scott ; vickers , frank w . ; curry , mike ; gilbert - smith , doug ; baughman , edward d . ; tycholiz , barry ; grigsby , mike ; arnold , john ; luce , laura ; shively , hunter s . ; herndon , rogers ; redmond , brian ; lagrasta , fred ; roberts , mike a . ; gaskill , chris ; presto , kevin m . ; duran , w . david
cc : winfrey , christa ; black , tamara jae ; rode , tina ; belsha , lorie ; smith , carli ; duree , janelle ; schoppe , tammie ; finnels - neal , la donna ; rangel , ina ; lopez , susan
subject : oct 3 - ecs 6 th floor
importance : high
if you are on this distribution you have been identified by john and louise as the responsible party for signing off on the ecs 6 th floor . your assistants and other key people have done a great job of managing the floor plans so far and we ' re on the home stretch . john made some group location changes today and a final review / update is required before churns are submitted this week .
please take a moment to review the locations of your people and place them in the appropriate seats within your group ( best printed on 11 x 17 paper ) note that desks 858 - 860 , 651 - 652 , 658 - 660 , 662 - 667 and 705 - 715 will not be available on day 1 , temporary replacement seats are assigned in the lower right hand of the spread sheet , if the lag time will be over two weeks .
kindly return this at your earliest convenience on thursday , confirming your approval of the names and seat assignments . i am also including the most current version of the 5 th floor for your information .
call me if you have any questions and thank you .
tammy
x 36589
tina , t . jae , ina , la donna ,
please be sure the it tab has been filled in to facilitate the it audit for susan lopez . if i have left someone off this distribution please forward it on .