Subject: enron ' s secrets revealed !
this is kind of weird and flattering , but it makes me wonder how they got this info and if we care .
chris calger
503 - 464 - 3735
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : clark , ed
sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 3 : 20 pm
to : calger , christopher f .
subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed !
for your info . , in the slight chance you are not already aware of this .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : the power marketing association [ mailto : pma - marketplace @ mgfairfax . rr . com ]
sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 1 : 09 pm
subject : enron ' s secrets revealed !
how has enron managed to achieve such success while other energy firms have struggled to deal with the changing market landscape ?
global change associates is pleased to announce the publication of a new corporate profile entitled , " enron 2001 : an inside view " . this objective study takes an insider ? s look at enron , specifically , how the firm operates and the keys to its success . much of the information provided comes from first hand accounts and covers areas such as :
. . . the firm ? s structure and operations
. . . the recruitment and training of new employees
. . . how enron empowers and compensates its employees
. . . the keys to structuring enron type " risk free " transactions
. . . how to negotiate with enron
. . . why enron occasionally forgives counterparty obligations
. . . is the enron model right for your organization ?
enron 2001 : an inside view is a unique publication . it provides valuable insight into the firm ? s operations and analyzes its successes and failures . for those firms dealing directly with enron , or thinking about adopting some of enron ? s business practices , it is an invaluable , must have tool .
this innovative study is available for purchase at $ 995 . 00 .
for a detailed table of contents and executive summary please download :
to be removed from this distribution list , please reply with the word remove in the subject line .