Subject: enron net works 2002 budget process
the 2002 enron net works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services : enron online , it infrastructure , risk management operations and it maintenance and development . we are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years , and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive .
we are meeting with individual business unit offices of the chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through enron net works . some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and october 12 . please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget :
enron networks today is very different from this time last year . additions to the 2002 enw budget are operations for ea , eim and egm . operations , it maintenance and development , and it infrastructure for ees and ebs have been included under the enw umbrella for the first time in the 2002 budget as well . the 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year . any comparison of enw ' s 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant .
for further detail for each business unit , enw ' s 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit ' s lines of business ( products or commodities ) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business .
the detail that is being provided to business units for it costs delineates licensing fees , system maintenance costs and new development costs . detail on each it development project identifies the purpose , business sponsor , line of business , " in progress " or " planned " designation , expense and capital spend , system impacted , and estimated completion date . in order to finalize it project budgets , decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002 .
if you have questions about the enw budgets as we are working with you to finalize them , please call one of us .
greg piper
sally beck
mark pickering