Subject: fw : aep hires gregory wolfe to manage wholesale marketing efforts
for new office in portland , oregon
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : belden , tim
sent : fri 10 / 5 / 2001 11 : 01 am
to : lavorato , john
cc :
subject : fw : aep hires gregory wolfe to manage wholesale marketing efforts for new office in portland , oregon
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hall , steve c . ( legal )
sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 8 : 57 am
to : yoder , christian ; belden , tim
subject : fw : aep hires gregory wolfe to manage wholesale marketing efforts for new office in portland , oregon
aep hires gregory wolfe to manage wholesale marketing efforts for new office in portland , oregon
10 / 05 / 2001
pr newswire
( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire )
columbus , ohio , oct . 5 / prnewswire / - - aep energy services inc . , a subsidiary of american electric power ( nyse : aep ) , has announced plans to establish a natural gas and power marketing office in portland , ore .
eric j . van der walde , executive vice president of aep energy services , announced that gregory e . wolfe has been hired as vice president marketing - west and will manage the new office .
" we ' re locating in portland because of its close proximity to the western energy markets , " said van der walde . " the new office will increase our presence in the western markets and enhance our ability to establish relationships with energy users in this important region . "
aep currently conducts trading and marketing activities from offices in columbus , houston and london . van der walde noted that western trading activities would still be handled out of the company ' s columbus location .
wolfe joins aep from enron corp . , where he served as vice president for marketing in enron north america ' s portland office . wolfe joined enron in 1993 . he holds a bachelor of science degree in petroleum engineering from the colorado school of mines in golden , colo . , and an mba from the university of texas at austin .
initially , the portland staff will include six to eight power marketers and gas marketers . " we ' re beginning conservatively and will adjust our staffing as needed , " said wolfe . the new office is located at the koin center , suite 1550 , 222 sw columbia st . , portland , ore . , 97201 .
american electric power is a multinational energy company b