Subject: re : private
i sent you another one - it adresses your views . i would not add foster . in fact i would add lagrasta and baughman first . maybe we should do 35 .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 6 : 13 pm
to : lavorato , john
cc :
subject : re : private
with calger leading the likes of parquet etc they can make $ 100 mm plus - without him no chance . i think it ' s sort of indirect p & l .
i think we are close enough i ' d put our top 20 above any group - our final ten are really strong too . harry , orlando and zipper as the last people on our list really does show we have some major talent .
let ' s not stick to 30 - let ' s do 33 putting miller , deffner , foster , zipper , ermis and aucoin in . daliney ' s note shows he is giving a lot to people we have in our second half of the list .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lavorato , john
sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 6 : 01 pm
to : kitchen , louise
subject : re :
my order is actually future p \ l based . if it wasn ' t in enron n . a . i would put calger way higher . ie - if it was pulp and paper and i knew that we wouldn ' t have the opportunity to trade size , chris would be in the top 3 . maybe 1 . but in this market we need to have the people who can make over 100 mm every year . just thinking .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 11 : 58 am
to : lavorato , john
cc :
subject : re :
i didn ' t get a copy of dave ' s email but a few comments and i attach a compromise ordering . i added to your file schoolyard .
our differences are :
me - don miller , joe deffner , chris foster
you - zipper , ermis , aucoin
i would put them all ahead of bernie however i have no data points apart from p & l on nothing with frank so i can ' t comment on him . . not huge differences in order , apart from your slant on canadians ! the main issue with yours is calger behind benson and zufferli ( and even maybe dana ) , he ' s a future leader of this organisation . your ordering is very p & l based .
are we supposed to cover wes or will causey ?
i added to your file schoolyard .
speak to you later .
louise
belden
arnold
presto
shively
sturm
swerzbin
calger
davis , dana
benson
milnthorp
zufferli
herndon
motley
davies
martin
grigsby
tycholiz
richter
black
luce
allen
devries
wiggs
duran
storey
arora
zipper
foster
ermis or miller
gonzales
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lavorato , john
sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 9 : 56 am
to : kitchen , louise
subject :
i think we have 3 that are on my list and not on yours . we have big differences in order . i ' m very concerned about this process . i ' ll send you dave ' s email and you might understand why .
call me or resend me an email .
john