Subject: re : americas 3 q presentation
thanks , i really appreciate the feedback .
in the narrative discussion accompanying the presentation we will articulate the timeframe .
the rockies pre - build transaction refers to the fountain valley project ( psco taking mw ' s ; equity flip to black hills ) .
we are still working on the americas section of the conference call script . i will forward to you as soon as it becomes available .
kind regards .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 1 : 07 pm
to : leboe , david
subject : re : americas 3 q presentation
the only comment on the structures transaction slide is that
( i ) they are not from this quarter
( ii ) the rockies power - prebuild , i am not entirely sure what this deal is - but there was one in washington .
( iii ) remove midwest gas utility outsourcing as we haven ' t completed this yet - hopefully you can have it for q 4 .
( iv ) price risk management is your call - its really just trading .
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : leboe , david
sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 9 : 49 am
to : kitchen , louise
subject : americas 3 q presentation
please find the latest draft of the wholesale pitch included below as an attachment .
i have included front portion , americas and europe sections .
the only data point i am lacking at this point relates to our east power slide regarding # of term mw ' s . i am working with leslie reeves on obtaining this information . i expect the wording on the rto ' s slide may change a bit once gov . affairs provides their final comments ; however , this draft includes most of the content .
following our discussion this morning , you may have some comments on slide 14 ( recent structured transactions ) . this slide was modeled after your board presentation . we can add / delete information as you desire .
i am working on modifying the conference call script language and will forward to you shortly .
thanks again for your help .
regards .
>
david t . leboe
director , investor relations
enron corp .
office 713 . 853 . 4785
cell 713 . 562 . 2160
fax 713 . 646 . 3002
pager 877 . 237 . 7732
david . leboe @ enron . com