Subject: fw : it commercial coordination budget
i ' m trying to get approval for the portion of my 2002 budget that is currently allocated to ea . currently my budget estimates that 25 % will be allocated to ena for mainly the projects listed below in my original message to geoff . . another 25 % is allocated to ees to cover my groups efforts in coordinating their move to wholesale systems . the remaining 50 % stays within networks to cover commercial deals like hpl etc . most of the ena projects that i work on are in brians world with a small part of my time spent on coordinating projects in calgary and edi projects for gas nominations . who do i need to discuss this with ?
tommy yanowski
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : storey , geoff
sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 8 : 49 am
to : yanowski , tommy j .
subject : re : it commercial coordination budget
tommy ,
i ' ve been getting lots of email about it budgets . my roll is to oversee the it projects specifically for gas trading , particularly development projects .
i ' m not sure your projects will directly affect gas trading and i dont know who to point you toward .
sorry i cant help . call me if you like
geof
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : yanowski , tommy j .
sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 4 : 47 pm
to : storey , geoff
subject : it commercial coordination budget
geoff : i understand that i need to get with you to approve the portion of my budget that is allocated the enron america ' s . currently $ 299 , 871 is budgeted for allocation to ea . my group coordinates jv activities as well as conducting due diligence on it areas related to aquisitions and divestitures . the amount budgeted above is for the following known projects :
coordination and operations under the bridgeline it services agreement
due diligence related to project sugarcane and how we may monetize our investment in bridgeline
in 2002 ena will bill bridgeline $ 1 , 250 , 000 for it services . since chevron / texaco covers 60 % of the bill ena will net $ 750 , 000 in revenue for the services coordinated by my group .
let me know if you ' d like to get together and discuss this in any detail .
tommy yanowski x 36858 .