Subject: fw : questions
hi louise
have spoken with brad several times . moving to the us involves finding john a role in the us which would take some time .
i am open to moving to the us . will continue to keep communications open with brad . obviously , if you had a role within your organisation then it would be v . cool .
unfortunately , i need to choose something asap due to the broadband business contracting ( ! ) and the voluntary redundancy programme .
for now - looks like taking the spartacus role is the short term solution . will be speaking to richard later today to say yes .
let me know what you think ? ! ?
regards
amita
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : gosalia , amita
sent : tuesday 09 october 2001 16 : 37
to : kitchen , louise
subject : fw : questions
hi louise
thank you for asking brad to speak with me re the enrononline position in the us . brad and spoke yesterday and i have sent some questions to him ( see below ) .
i have also been offered a position as project manager for business liaison on the spartacus project - building a new deal entry and risk management system for the uk power desk - richard lewis is the business sponsor for the project .
would appreciate your views re which would be the better career choice for the medium / long term .
best wishes to marcus and scott .
amita
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : gosalia , amita
sent : tuesday 09 october 2001 16 : 21
to : richter , brad
subject : questions
hi brad
thanks for spending time with me yesterday . after our discussion i thought about the role and the implications of a move to the usa . i also discussed the opportunity with my husband , john bergman . we ended up with some questions which i detail below .
1 . please provide more detail about the remit of the role ( i can speak to savita to get this if you wish ) .
2 . would i be able to make changes in the structure of the team ?
3 . what is the timeline for the transition period ?
4 . how long would you expect this assignment to last ?
5 . what happens when the assignment comes to an end - would i be offered a position in the european office again ?
6 . would enron be prepared to locate an appropriate role for my husband ? i attach his resume below .
7 . would enron arrange visas for my husband and myself ?
8 . what type of package would be offered for the relocation etc . ?
i look forward to hearing from you . i am under some time pressure at the moment - i need to have resolution asap .
best wishes
amita
amita gosalia
senior director
tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 5466
cell : + 44 ( 0 ) 7768 942201
fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 8804
email : amita . gosalia @ enron . com