Subject: management conference - business unit panel
hello all ,
i ' m planning the agenda for this year ' s management conference . i ' ve been working on the upcoming meeting since march , but as you can imagine , the direction has changed several times .
we are delighted to have general norman schwarzkopf delivering a keynote address on leadership , and gary hamel returning to help us process the past year . while we have arranged an all - star line up of outside speakers , we also want to focus on what is happening inside enron . rather than having only one or two business presentations , mark frevert has opted to moderate a panel to provide a high level overview of each of our primary operating units and has selected each of you to participate .
currently , the panel is scheduled to take place 8 : 00 - 9 : 30 am on friday , november 16 . please plan to present a very high level overview of your business . you are welcome to use powerpoint slides , but in the interest of time , presentations must be no more than 10 minutes . mark will introduce each of you , interject questions , encourage interaction , and ensure we stay on time .
below is the proposed order for your presentations . regardless of your place in the rundown , you will need to be seated on stage by 7 : 50 am and equipped with a microphone . because we have a full agenda that morning , we will try to begin the session promptly at 8 : 00 am .
stan horton - global services
louise kitchen - americas
john sherriff - europe
mike mcconnell - global markets
jeff mcmahon - industrial markets
janet dietrich - retail
if you elect to use a powerpoint presentation , please forward it to me electronically by friday , november 9 or provide the presentation to me on cd at the management conference . to ensure consistancy , i ' ve attached a powerpoint template that i would like you to use .
finally , mark would like to meet with the six of you to finalize preparation for the panel at 4 : 00 pm on wednesday , november 14 following your arrival at the management conference . the meeting will take place in the library off the main lobby of the westin la cantera . in the meantime , if you have any questions or need any assistance , please contact me . i look forward to working with you .
regards ,
terrie james
senior director , corporate communication
( ph ) 713 . 853 . 7727
( fax ) 713 . 646 . 3248
terrie . james @ enron . com