Subject: re : management conference - business unit panel
louise ,
i absolutely agree with you about the panels the last two years - - they have been weak . i think , though , that this should be looked at a little differently . the purpose for this is to highlight the operations of our business and to showcase the next level of leadership . i think rather than just focusing on one or two businesses , this format will allow us to hit each of them at a high level . mark will introduce each of you , talk a little about your backgrounds to help the vps get familiar with our new leadership , and interject questions and generate discussion as appropriate . to be honest , i see it as " rapid fire business unit presentations " as opposed to the typical panel .
let me know if you get a different sense from mark .
best ,
terrie
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 10 : 40 am
to : james , terrie
subject : re : management conference - business unit panel
i ' ll talk to frevert but i really thought the panel session last year was incredibly weak and don ' t think something of that format should be pursued again . i would hope for a major change in format .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : james , terrie
sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 9 : 44 am
to : kitchen , louise
subject : re : management conference - business unit panel
yes , partly . i saw john last week and he told me that his wife was due to deliver their second child on november 9 and he would possibly miss the conference . however , i know mark was also interested in having women represented and liked having both you and janet on the panel to balance things out .
i know you ' ll do a great job - - you always do !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 2 : 04 pm
to : james , terrie
subject : re : management conference - business unit panel
is it me and not lavo due to him maybe not attending
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : james , terrie
sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 9 : 07 am
to : horton , stanley ; kitchen , louise ; sherriff , john ; mcconnell , mike ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; dietrich , janet
cc : kean , steven j . ; olson , cindy ; clark , morris ; lavorato , john ; delainey , david ; daw , nicki
subject : management conference - business unit panel
hello all ,
i ' m planning the agenda for this year ' s management conference . i ' ve been working on the upcoming meeting since march , but as you can imagine , the direction has changed several times .
we are delighted to have general norman schwarzkopf delivering a keynote address on leadership , and gary hamel returning to help us process the past year . while we have arranged an all - star line up of outside speakers , we also want to focus on what is happening inside enron . rather than having only one or two business presentations , mark frevert has opted to moderate a panel to provide a high level overview of each of our primary operating units and has selected each of you to participate .
currently , the panel is scheduled to take place 8 : 00 - 9 : 30 am on friday , november 16 . please plan to present a very high level overview of your business . you are welcome to use powerpoint slides , but in the interest of time , presentations must be no more than 10 minutes . mark will introduce each of you , interject questions , encourage interaction , and ensure we stay on time .
below is the proposed order for your presentations . regardless of your place in the rundown , you will need to be seated on stage by 7 : 50 am and equipped with a microphone . because we have a full agenda that morning , we will try to begin the session promptly at 8 : 00 am .
stan horton - global services
louise kitchen - americas
john sherriff - europe
mike mcconnell - global markets
jeff mcmahon - industrial markets
janet dietrich - retail
if you elect to use a powerpoint presentation , please forward it to me electronically by friday , november 9 or provide the presentation to me on cd at the management conference . to ensure consistancy , i ' ve attached a powerpoint template that i would like you to use .
>
finally , mark would like to meet with the six of you to finalize preparation for the panel at 4 : 00 pm on wednesday , november 14 following your arrival at the management conference . the meeting will take place in the library off the main lobby of the westin la cantera . in the meantime , if you have any questions or need any assistance , please contact me . i look forward to working with you .
regards ,
terrie james
senior director , corporate communication
( ph ) 713 . 853 . 7727
( fax ) 713 . 646 . 3248
terrie . james @ enron . com