Subject: fw : unpaid items due enron via bhlp
to all :
as part of karen gruesen ' s ongoing efforts to clean up the bridgeline income statement and balance sheet , she has been tracking the various receivables that have not been paid . karen has been working with trevor mihalik ( cfo ) and it is expected that the majority will be paid by the end of this month . unfortunately , bridgeline had not been receiving appropriate documentation with their billings .
for any further information , please contact karen grusen at 36571 .
thank you .
jean
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : gruesen , karen
sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 8 : 58 am
to : mrha , jean
cc : hernandez , ana maria ; redmond , brian ; whiting , greg
subject : re : unpaid items due the parents
jean ,
the ces asset management payments come out of bryce baxter ' s group . the first i heard of this issue was about a week ago from trevor . i just received copies of the invoices from bridgeline on 10 / 18 . greg has been reviewing the agreement and consulting with legal to research the ces obligation , as he and i were not familiar with it .
i will contact bryce ' s group to find out why they have not been paying the invoices , there may be an issue that i am not aware of .
trevor has stated that he is using me as the point of contact for all enron / bridgeline issues now that i am with this group . that is how i became involved with bryce ' s issue . there appear to be many outstanding cash issues between enron and bridgeline that have accumulated over the last several months and we are addressing them as quickly as possible .
please let me know if you would like to discuss further .
karen
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mrha , jean
sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 58 pm
to : gruesen , karen
cc : hernandez , ana maria ; redmond , brian
subject : fw : unpaid items due the parents
importance : high
karen ,
we have spoken in the past regarding the receivables owed by bridgeline . attached below is a spreadsheet which outlines the summary of unpaid accruals from bhlp ' s perspective , let us get this settled a . s . a . p .
regards , jean
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mihalik , trevor
sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 38 pm
to : mrha , jean
subject : fw : unpaid items due the parents
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mihalik , trevor
sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 4 : 54 pm
to : redmond , brian
subject : unpaid items due the parents
brian -
attached is the listing of items that we have accrued but not paid as of sept 30 th . we do have several items due to bridgeline from enron . the first is that we have not received 16 months of the ces asset management payments from enron ( 16 x $ 50 , 000 = $ 800 , 000 ) and the second is the btu conversion adjustment to pad gas for aug and sept that jean has agreed to . this amount is $ 274 , 000 . net net , we owe enron approx $ 226 , 000 .
give me a call if you want a detail explanation on any of this .
thanks
trevor
>