Subject: fw : request
hi louise , i ' ve added my best guesses below . they are probably pretty good , but i could be way off on unify .
- - jay
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : webb , jay
sent : sun 11 / 4 / 2001 4 : 20 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc :
subject : request
hi louise ,
beth has reorganized the front and back office groups enough now that i don ' t know all of the key individuals anymore . but in most cases , there is someone i trust still around who knows the details about a particular system , so i ' ve tried to identify that person and how many extra people ( probably best chosen by that individual ) would be needed at a minimum .
i have included at the bottom a small list of " cannot lose " individuals . in such a small organization , it would be critical , of course , to have people that can solve problems in any system . if enrononline was shut down , i would also put belmont , guadarrama , hillier , jenson in the " cannot lose " group , and i would make sure that amanullah was one of the remaining oracle dbas .
excluding jenny and sap ( currently this is not in mark ' s organization and i cannot find any data on it ) , i have listed a total of 33 people .
- - jay
zhiyong wei + 3 ( francis lim , mike swaim , sanjay gupta )
tagg , sitara , gas erms
steve nat + 2 ( duong luu , will smith )
enpower , power erms
g . ramesh , john powell + 1 ( andrew champion )
credit aggregation / risk analytics ( var )
sundar chitradurga + 1 ( kevin dinh )
global systems
ramesh rao + 5 ( david stadnick , matt pena , richard brockhan , ben nguyen , regan smith )
unify
jim ogg + 3 ( bob ward , soo - lian ervin , mable tang )
oracle + sql server database administration
mike belmont ( front ) , mike guadarrama ( back ) , francesc gullien , jarod jenson ( sa / security ) , bob hillier ( ops ) , kenneth lim ( ops ) , dan harrell ( ops ) , aman amanullah ( dba )
enrononline
cannot lose group :
kevin montagne
mark kinkead
ganady batrak
what is not here :
sap
global finance - there is a small group on beth ' s org chart run by joanne knodel , supporting global finance . i don ' t know what they do or how critical it is .
jenny ' s organization :
production operations ( nt and unix system admin )
communications ( network administration , telephony )
desktop architecture and support
data center operation
email
new bldg .