Subject: fw : csfb ipp weekly : dyn / ene deal mitigates overhang ; mir
meetingpre view ; new regional spark spread analysis
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ]
sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 7 : 26 am
to : undisclosed - recipients
subject : csfb ipp weekly : dyn / ene deal mitigates overhang ; mir
meetingpre view ; new regional spark spread analysis
>
good morning ,
attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly .
summary :
1 . ipps rise 3 . 8 % last week our ipp composite rose 3 . 8 % , outperforming the
s focus on the major ipps : highlighting cpn ,
mir and nrg given diminishing enron concerns , we would expect investors to
refocus on attractive valuations across the sector . the pure play power
producers are trading at a 12 % average discount to their private market
asset values . we continue to highlight calpine , mirant and nrg energy .
6 . mir hosting analyst seminar on tuesday ( 11 / 13 ) , mirant will host its
second major analyst meeting in atlanta , georgia . we expect management to
discuss the following : 1 . business plan update ; 2 . 2002 earnings visibility ;
3 . financing plans ; and 4 . reaction to dyn / ene deal .
7 . csfb philippines energy forum ; relevant to mir on 11 / 15 at 3 . 30 pm csfb
will host a philippines energy forum at the waldorf hotel in nyc . the
meeting will feature 3 speakers : 1 . her excellency gloria macapagal arroyo ,
the president of the philippines ; 2 . the honorable vincent s . perez , jr . ,
secretary of the department of energy of the philippines ; and , 3 . rick
kuester , ceo of mirant asia pacific . the forum will focus on upcoming
developments and opportunities in the power and oil / gas industry in the
philippines .
regards ,
neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217
this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain
confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no
confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission .
if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all
copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the
sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute ,
print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended
recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any
views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except
where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state
them to be the views of any such entity .
unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is
indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to
deal at any price quoted .
any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as
preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation .