Subject: americas ' accounts receivable aging data
louise :
please find attached americas ' ( physical gas , physical power , and financial trading ) accounts receivable aging data . to interpret the data , use the color codes as follows below .
pink indicates that the settlements group has passed the receivable to our internal legal counsel for review . enron ' s legal action vis a vis the receivable against the counterparty includes notification of delinquency , invitation to negotiation , as well as , but , not necessarily , action through the courts .
yellow indicates that credit is proceeding with an investigation of the receivable claim .
blue means that a non - cash reconciliation adjustment to the books is being made . adjustments are being made for reasons that include accounting entry assignment corrections and physical delivery volume true - ups .
purple signals a california - related receivable . possible outcomes for these amounts include non - cash adjustment and designation as a valid collectible .
green indicates for the receivable in question that cash has been collected , a non - cash adjustment has been made , or reconciled , but that the receivable has not cleared the register because of the timing of this report .
no color indicates the receivable is less than $ 200 , 000 and was not investigated .
for most receivables a synopsis of action or reference has been provided .
also included in the file are receivables generated by pg & e . the physical gas and physical power receivables are over 120 days in arrears and are attributable to march 2001 production ( april 2001 collection ) .
we have provided you this file electronically so that you may see the details and be able to sort and manipulate the data . a hard copy can be produced . tim proffitt , the settlement team members , and i are available to sit with you to further investigate our receivable claims and answer any questions you may have regarding the data presented .
sincerely ,
chris herron
christopher herron
enron americas finance
1400 smith street
houston , tx 77002
telephone : 713 - 853 - 3139
facsimile : 713 - 646 - 3602