Subject: re : enrononline
formal approval no , but your opinion matters for sure .
we will move forward and be ready before the analyst meeting in january ( assuming there is one at the regularly scheduled time ) .
brad is working with pr to make sure anything we do on that side is appropriate as well .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 1 : 48 pm
to : piper , greg
cc : whalley , greg ; richter , brad ; pickering , mark ; lavorato , john
subject : re : enrononline
to be honest , i really do not think my sign off on this .
it looks like the money is already mostly spent on the new design ( i like it if that helps ) - if you get delayed there obviously will be timing issues . the added functionality is definitely something beneficial which we want whichever the outcome is .
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : piper , greg
sent : wednesday , november 14 , 2001 3 : 35 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc : whalley , greg ; richter , brad ; pickering , mark ; lavorato , john
subject : enrononline
i would like to move forward with what we are calling phase iii for eol . most of the work is done but in this environment , i don ' t want to prepare to roll it out in january without your views . however , if we are to roll it out in mid - january , we need to agree soon .
richter has sent you the outline / presentation on e - mail and he and savita and jay can describe it all in greater detail if you like .
savita discussed the presentation and the plan with john arnold and he is supportive of the rollout and the new look and functionality .
basically it will include a new home page and a new garden page , but the key parts are the expanded quotes screen and the order manager which are a much better use of real estate than the static reuters content down the side ( which will be put in a mycontent button ) . this isn ' t expensive , most of the work is done anyway , but it is a new look and the quotes screen will now be expanded .
i think it would be positive to do . it looks better , the reuters content can be found in a mycontent button and we can use the entire quotes screen to enhance order flow and improve the counterparty experience . it also shows business as usual with enrononline .
your thoughts ?
greg piper
president & ceo
enron net works llc
_ _ _ _ _