Subject: fw : government affairs organization announcement
fyi
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dernehl , ginger
sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 2 : 45 pm
to : shapiro , richard
subject : government affairs organization announcement
with the announcement of enron ' s acquisition by dynegy behind us , and with the initial severance process completed , it seemed an appropriate time to effect some organizational changes so that we as a group are better prepared to meet the challenges of the future . before i turn to the organizational changes , i would like to say a few words about those who will be leaving the company as a result of the initial severance ( you ' ll know who they are by their absence on the organizational chart ) : leading and being a part of this group has been a privilege ? i am thankful for every day that i have had that responsibility and thankful for however long i continue to have the responsibility . this sense of privilege and thankfulness is primarily driven by having had the opportunity to get to know and care about such a dedicated group of professionals and support staff and who , to a person , are also very decent and good people . to say good - bye to some of our colleagues is not easy . i want to , on behalf of all of us , thank them for their hard work , their integrity , their decency , and the good times and laughter that we shared . i trust that many of us will find ways to sustain friendships that have been and will continue to be very special . thanks to each of you who are leaving for all you have done .
as to the organizational structure , it has become increasingly apparent to me that the existing organization , with a mix of groups organized along functional and regional lines ( particularly within the u . s . ) , has impeded our ability to get things done in the most efficient fashion at times . the need to rationalize the organizational structure , in order to consolidate all u . s . energy functions , is a strong need from my perspective . as a result , jim steffes will lead the u . s . energy group along with sue nord , who will jointly report to jim and myself . sue will assist jim in the leadership of the group and take on project management responsibilities as warranted to help jim shoulder a significant burden . also reporting to jim will be a leadership group for u . s . energy that will be as follows : wholesale electricity will be led by christi nicolay ; retail electricity and natural gas will be led by harry kingerski ; wholesale gas will be led by leslie lawner . last , but not least , jeff dasovich and sue mara , who will continue to focus on california energy issues , will report to jim . ( sue mara will also be part of the wholesale electricity team ) .
steve montovano , who will continue to report to me , will lead a commercial development effort along with dan allegretti .
with the elimination of the regional groups , i also recognize that there is a need to continue to focus on how we as a group address our political / legislative needs across the u . s . paul kaufman will lead a small group that will address that need and that will focus on state political support . paul will also take the lead for government affairs in support of corporate development efforts across the u . s .
much of the rest of the group remains the same . linda robertson will continue to lead the washington group with sarah novosel , who reports to linda , taking the lead role in our coordination of activities at ferc . amr ibrahim will continue to lead the support of the global assets group and also continue to manage the risk analytics function . maggy huson will take over support of the non - energy business units , which are as follows : global markets , industrial markets , networks , and broadband . rob hemstock will continue to lead the support of enron canada . paul dawson , who heads up government affairs for europe ; sergio assad , who heads up government affairs for south america ; and mike grimes and mark crowther , who head up our asian efforts , will continue to jointly report to the business units and myself .
i am also forming a north american leadership group for government affairs to provide policy guidance for the larger group and the company . that committee will consist of rob hemstock , maggy huson , amr ibrahim , paul kaufman , harry kingerski , leslie lawner , steve montovano , christi nicolay , sue nord , sarah novosel , linda robertson , jim steffes and myself . we will also continue to have an rcr committee that will consist of maggy huson , harry kingerski , sue nord , linda robertson , jim steffes & myself . finally , i am forming a dynegy / enron regulatory approvals working group that will consist of jose bestard , paul dawson , paul kaufman , sue nord , sarah novosel and myself .
no organizational structure or set of organizational changes is either perfect or permanent . i believe these changes will make us better and more prepared for the future . however , we must be prepared to further adjust as the future unfolds for the company .
one final note : i am deeply sorry that each of you has had to live through this uncertain and troubled period for the company . we are all saddened by the recognition that we are in the midst of changes that will leave our group fundamentally altered , but we must resolve to do our best for each other and ourselves during this period of change to ensure that what emerges , for those of us who do remain a part of the new dynegy , reflects the excellence and integrity that has characterized our group . personally , i will do all i can , for as long as i can , to steer the group through this to the very best place possible . your continued dedication and support is very much appreciated . hang in there and thanks .