Subject: fw : power : enron ( ene : baa 3 / bbb - ) - - credit comment . . .
fyi
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : jon cartwright [ mailto : jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com ]
sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 3 : 03 pm
to : energy - gram ( e - mail )
subject : power : enron ( ene : baa 3 / bbb - ) - - credit comment . . .
>
portable document format ( pdf ) , are viewable using adobe acrobat reader ( tm ) , available as freeware at >
jon kyle cartwright
senior energy analyst
raymond james & associates
taxable fixed income research
raymond james financial center
tower iii , third floor
880 carillon parkway
st . petersburg , fl 33733 - 2749
tel : 727 - 573 - 8366
fax : 815 - 425 - 4161
email : jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com
raymond james & associates , inc .
member new york stock exchange / sipc
institutional clients may call :
high grade trading 800 - 248 - 8863 ext . 8336 * high yield trading 800 - 805 - 7810
this communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities mentioned herein . high grade and high yield securities mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors . raymond james & associates , inc . or its affiliates ( rja ) may perform investment banking or other services for , or solicit investment banking business from , any company mentioned in this report . rja or its officers , employees , or affiliates may own shares , options , rights or warrants and / or execute transactions in the securities mentioned in this report , which may not be consistent with the report ' s conclusions . additionally , rja may at times elect to make markets in particular high yield securities , but there can be no guarantee that our market making activities will be uninterrupted . all expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the research department of raymond james & associates , inc . , at the time of publication and may be subject to change without notice . information has been obtained from sources considered reliable , but we do not guarantee that the foregoing report is accurate or complete . other departments of rja may have information that is not available to the research department about companies mentioned in this report . for institutional clients of the european economic area ( eea ) : this document ( and any attachments or exhibits hereto ) is intended only for eea institutional clients or others to whom it may lawfully be submitted . further information on the securities mentioned herein is available upon request .
? 2001 raymond james & associates , inc .