Subject: fw : thanksgiving - note from sherriff
fyi - in case you hadn ' t seen it . . . .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : enron europe general announcement / ect @ ect on behalf of enron europe office of the chairman
sent : 22 november 2001 05 : 48
to : ect europe @ enron ; ect asia pacific @ enron
subject : thanksgiving
today is thanksgiving . a uniquely american holiday , it is one that i personally value the most . it has no religious significance , and is not tied to any historical pagan celebration . it does not spring from mythology and carries with it very little baggage . no presents are exchanged ; decorations are few and spare ; there is little commercial pressure to buy , travel , celebrate , or do anything to excess . ( the possible exceptions are the temptations to overeat and watch too much football . )
thanksgiving is a holiday designated by men and women - a day specifically set aside to enjoy friends and family and to ponder our good fortune . as most of you know , the first thanksgiving was held in new england - a bountiful feast during which the american forefathers joined with native americans to celebrate a good harvest . this celebration drew a line under a dreadful year of enormous suffering - inadequate food supplies , disease and death .
this is a very difficult time for all of us at enron . i want to take a few minutes of your time to share with you some of my thoughts - for even now , it is important to count our blessings and recall some of the many things for which we can be thankful . i am thankful for the way all of you have pulled together each day , doing your best to make the most of a really tough situation . i am moved by the kind words many of you have shared with me . i have been impressed by your willingness to look forward , stay the course , and maintain your sense of humor . your loyalty and commitment have sustained me during some of our darkest moments . i am grateful for friends , family , and the opportunity to live and work in a free and open society . mostly , i am so very proud of you - your talents , your flexibility , your work ethic , your willingness to hang in there when things seem to be spinning out of control .
thanks for constantly reminding me how lucky i am to be working with you .
john sherriff