Subject: re : sale of napoleonville land
louise ,
on monday , prior to my leaving for buffalo , i spoke with dave gorte and was informed that since the sale of the napoleonville land was greater than $ 2 . 5 mm , it is categorized as a diversiture requiring a dash .
since the negotiations were quite contentious between reliant , texas brine and enron - we ( eva , lisa and myself ) had worked with mr . gorte to create multiple versions of the dash . it was not until wednesday afternoon that reliant was the chosen " victor . " in addition , since i felt you were apprised of the deal and mr . gorte had not informed me of an appropriate process , lisa had waited until we knew who the counterparty was before getting on your schedule .
unfortunately , this meant wednesday afternoon around 4 pm , but we had been informed by tammi schoppe that you were available until 5 pm . even though the banks were closed , i had wanted to sign the executables on wednesday so reliant would not have an opportunity to change their mind over the holiday weekend . it was certainly not our intent to have you not appropriately briefed regarding the transaction .
i will be flying back to houston today and will be landing around 5 pm . both eva rainer and lisa druzbik are in today and i am leaving instructions to ( hopefully ) close the deal today . julie gomez will be signing on my behalf - - for detailed questions regarding the negotiations please refer to eva . my cell is 713 - 302 - 4187 .
regards , jean
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : sun 11 / 25 / 2001 2 : 10 pm
to : mrha , jean
cc : lavorato , john ; gomez , julie a . ; rainer , eva ; nemec , gerald
subject : re : sale of napoleonville land
at 4 pm on wednesday liza arrived with the dash . it had not been circulated prior to that and there was no - one available to discuss the deal as eva was not in the office . please have someone ready to discuss this deal and circulate the dash in advance of when you want it signing .
4 pm on wednesday with no briefing on the deal didn ' t give enough time to complete a dash .
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mrha , jean
sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 6 : 06 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc : lavorato , john ; gomez , julie a . ; rainer , eva ; nemec , gerald
subject : sale of napoleonville land
louise ,
tomorrow , i am flying to buffalo , ny for thanksgiving with my father . as such , for the potential sale of the napoleonville land , julie gomez will sign on my behalf for lrci inc . after both appropriate commercial , accounting and legal parameters have been met . the status is as follows :
texas brine has been informed that another counterparty has presented a premium bid of $ 3 mm and has the opportunity to counter . texas brine was the first counterparty to try to acquire the land at $ 2 . 35 mm .
reliant has slowed the transaction close due to their legal changes to the " act of sale " document . as such , gerald nemec ( my legal ) is reviewing the document in conjuction with our louisiana counsel as well as other relevant internal legal groups ( i . e . litigation and environmental ) .
i am confident that the land will get sold and was hoping to close the transaction prior to my leaving . however , this bidding " war " has the potential for ena to extract an even higher auction price . the approximate book value of the land is $ 1 . 4 mm .
i can be reached via blackberry or cell ( 713 - 302 - 4187 ) . eva rainer , manager , is also an appropriate person to contact for any questions .
regards , mrha