Subject: quick note
louise :
i just wanted to send you a quick note with the hope that you might have a chance to read your e - mail . it seemed more awkward to me to try and catch you in person giving the frenetic pace and fluidity of our situation .
basically all i want to tell you is that i ' m here to help in this process , and encourage you to let me know if there is anything else in particular i can help on . i have spoken and offered the same directly to miller , calger and duran . i ' m not telling folks this out of lack of current work flow . as i think you know , the development group is in the middle of several active transactions that we expect to close in the near term , and we remain keenly focused on making these deals happen ( as evidenced by the $ 1 . 375 million doyle insurance settlement finalized today ) .
i ' m approaching you and others specifically because i have 2 years of chapter 11 bankruptcy experience . prior to me joining enron in may of 1998 , i was with kenetech corporation ( a 1 , 200 employee publicly traded ipp ) . in 1996 ( after having worked as an originator at kenetech since 1990 ) , kenetech filed for chapter 11 . as part of the chapter 11 process , i was one of 6 senior commercial employees retained by the company to be responsible for liquidating the company ' s assets . as such , i am very familiar with the chapter 11 process , and how deals get done in this context . enron is obviously of a far greater magnitude , but i believe the basic skills and experience are directly applicable .
again , as we go through this process , i just wanted to make you aware of my experience in this area , and let you know that i stand ready , willing and eager to take on additional tasks .
with respect to our current deal flow , i also wanted to let you know we are working on the following which i will get to you by friday ( or earlier if need be ) :
1 . transaction list , status , and valuation ;
2 . site bank summary and exit / monetization strategy ;
3 . projected site bank maintenance budget .
i will , of course , also provide this information to miller , calger and duran .
best regards ,
ben