Subject: enron updates
here is an update of some recent enron developments .
enron europe closes certain operations
following enron ' s credit rating downgrade yesterday and the impact that had on enron europe ' s ability to trade , enron europe has asked a court to appoint an administrator . what this means is that has been appointed the administrator to handle the liquidation of the company ' s major physical assets and trading positions . this action does not include enron credit , enron direct , enron metals , teesside power station or the utilities and service businesses at the wilton chemical complex . it also does not include wessex water or power plants in turkey , italy and poland .
efforts are being made to preserve as much of the business as possible . there is already interest by outside parties to buy enron europe ' s metals business , and negotiations are expected to lead to a successful deal in the near term .
this action will impact a significant number of enron europe ' s employees . every effort is being made to retain as many employees as possible who are part of businesses that may be preserved .
enron appoints new board member
yesterday , enron announced the election of raymond s . troubh to the board of directors . mr . troubh will chair a newly - formed special litigation committee of the board to evaluate claims in shareholder and other derivative lawsuits . he will also serve on the special committee set up to investigate all of the sec - related matters . mr . troubh is a financial consultant in new york city and has been a non - executive director of more than 25 public companies . board member william c . powers , jr . will also serve on the special litigation committee .
enron evaluates dividends
today enron announced that it is evaluating whether previously declared dividends will be paid on enron common stock and other enron equities .
new enron employee q & a
a new q & a has been posted to based on recent developments and employee concerns .