Subject: correction : important announcement regarding document preservation .
correction per the bolded text below .
on wednesday , october 31 , i sent an email to all enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation . new lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that enron will need to retain . the following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits .
effective immediately , please do the following :
1 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal or chewco investments l . p . including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6800 .
2 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger or the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6803 .
3 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . , or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6801 .
4 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed merger with dynegy or the enron corp . savings plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6803 .
5 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal , chewco investments l . p . , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to ljm . litigation @ enron . com .
6 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com .
7 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com .
8 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to classaction . litigation @ enron . com .
9 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed dynegy merger or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com .
10 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the enron corp . savings plan or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com .
" ljm deal " includes ljm cayman l . p . , ljm co - investment l . p . , tnpcl , margauxl , cortez ( tnpc ) , ospreyl , avici , catalytica , fishtail ( pulp & paper ) , backbone , ena clo ( merlin ) , nowa sarzyna ( poland ) , bob west , megs , yosemite , eecc turbines ( blue dog ) , raptor 1 , raptor la , raptor 2 , raptor 2 a , raptor 3 , raptor 4 , rawhide , ljm 2 / ww loan agrmt , osprey 2 llcl , rythms , osprey , cuiaba , and ljm cayco investments .
also , please forward all future e - mails and voice mails that relate to the above - referenced subjects to the appropriate e - mail address or voice mail box . these procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved .
shortly , our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files , i . e . , written documents , for possible production in litigation . until further notice , please retain all of your hard - copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to :
1 . the ljm deal
2 . azurix
3 . new power co .
4 . ebs
5 . chewco investments l . p .
6 . accounting for any enron investments
7 . any enron public statement made to the investment public
8 . any enron public filing with the sec or other regulatory bodies
9 . the proposed merger with dynegy
10 . the enron corp . savings plan . it is not necessary to send documents related to your personal participation in the plan such as plan communications to you regarding the status of your account .
please err on the side of retention of documents .
if you have any questions , please call andrew edison at x 5 - 7105 .