Subject: asset marketing / corporate development
jeff ,
as we discussed , attached is a comprehensive list of the team and deals . as you know , louise formally calls our team asset marketing . i tend to think that we play a number of roles including corporate development , ctg , deal structuring , and anything else that is required to get a deal done .
in addition to the core team , i believe we also need to consider other issues related to asset sales including dealbench ( " db " ) . db is a tremendous platform , that should be maintained . it facilitates the sales process in so many ways , and would require very little to keep it alive . jon hoff in our group can do almost anything related to db and would probably require one engineer ( not 100 % of his time ) to be available for db to maintained .
in addition to our team , the development group run by ben jacoby has been selling development sites , and chris calger has a team out west that has had a lot of success . these groups ( or a subset thereof ) , i believe should be maintained for the assets that they hold today and potentially other sales as well .
lastly , the asset sales that we are pursuing or have completed reflect a true team effort . there has been and remains a core group of people that embrace every asset sale that we do . people like mike j . miller , mitch robinson , and ross newlin contribute in many ways , and are great people to have around in discussing various issues including technical and operating issues . mitch and ross have been to almost every plant in the enron portfolio . while it is true that we have technical people in brazil or wherever , the question is whether they are capable and competent , and can they sell in front of a counterparty ? additionally , most of the plants that we built were designed and managed from houston . in addition to these guys , as you well know , asset sales take people from tax , insurance , environmental permitting , etc . we need to make sure these type of people are around , otherwise we end up with no incumbent knowledge base ( i am sure you recognize all of this ) .
sorry for the long email and i hope this helps .
don