Subject: re : draft eol banner
jay - - this won ' t be pulled into the banner tomorrow as the banner below relates to trading on eol directly . - - david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : webb , jay
sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 6 : 57 pm
to : portz , david
cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan
subject : re : draft eol banner
hi david . this is the popup that we displayed until today :
enrononline is now available to our customers to transact only in order to provide a means to manage
enron credit exposure . while transactions may be available , customers entering into transactions
should carefully evaluate their positions and enron ' s current credit status before transacting .
by entering into a transaction , customers are agreeing that the foregoing shall supercede any
inconsistent representations made by enron in any agreements between enron and such customer .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : portz , david
sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 2 : 49 pm
to : webb , jay
cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan
subject : fw : draft eol banner
jay - - can you provide us the text of the banner which appeared last week ? thanks .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mellencamp , lisa
sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 2 : 36 pm
to : portz , david ; st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan
subject : re : draft eol banner
if we do this should we consider expanding what was posted at the end of last week ? ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : portz , david
sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 2 : 34 pm
to : st . clair , carol ; sager , elizabeth ; mellencamp , lisa ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; aronowitz , alan ; murphy , harlan
subject : draft eol banner
draft eol banner for review and discussion :
" all prices posted are read only . please contact enron trading desk personnel to transact on posted information . "