Subject: fw : non us locations
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : davis , hardie
sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 11 : 11 am
to : kean , steven j .
subject : fw : non us locations
a few more details . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . again , most of the ega companies ' ownership trail includes all enron ownership through a number of enron entities . through further research , we found a few more that don ' t totally fit that mold :
elektro - electricidad e servicos s . a . in brazil . . . . 38 % of this company if publicly held with the remainder held by enron entities .
epe - empresa productora de energia ltda in brazil has outside owners including shell and ljm brazilco and interjuris s / c ltda . a . k . a . shell cuiaba holdings owns two shares and has a 1 % direct ownership interest and one board vote .
energia ltd , another brazil operation , is owned by enbras which in turn in owned by enron corp . ( shares of the company are pledged to westdeusche landesbank gironzentrale as of 22 feb . 01 .
again , this may be more information than you ever wanted or needed but thought you might like to know .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : davis , hardie
sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 10 : 17 am
to : kean , steven j .
subject : re : non us locations
steve :
as stated earlier , many of the company names on the list that was provided either do not exactly match what we have in corporate records or there is such a long list with very similar names that we have just made assumptions in most cases regarding ownership .
we can assure you that , for the most part , you have placed the companies in the correct business bucket ( i . e . , corp . , ena , ees , etc . ) . there are a few , however , that may be incorrectly categorized , as follows :
ea : ect non u . s . payroll company ( there is no such entity , but i would assume these folks are paid by ena )
enron capital & trade resources in london , uk ( may actually be enron europe company called enron capital & trade resources limited )
ebs : broadband solutions pvt . ltd . ( actually comes up to corp . through a long complicated chain of companies associated with atlantic commercial finance )
eeos : enron engineering & construction and the former nepco are both organized under eeso whose ownership remains enron corp .
the nepco in the uk could actually be nepco europe ltd . whose ownership is tied to enron europe .
ees : enron direct ltd partnership is actually an enron north america entity
the others are either ees or bundled under ees even though they are thought of as enron facilities services / limbach companies
ega : here ' s where the going gets tough because the vast majority of these enron global assets entities have very complicated organization structures with
complicated , multi - layers structures that eventually lead back to enron corp . ownership . as you know all of the old subsets ( i . e . apachi , calme , etc . ) have
gone away and everything international is now ega . to the best of our knowledge , all of these entities and their employees are enron managed .
following are the exceptions and / or unusual organizational structure that should be noted :
electricidad enron de guatemala s . a . actually reports up through ena
san juan gas company , inc . in puerto rico is a direct sub of enron corp . ( 100 % owned )
enron american del sur , s . a . is an enron corp . / enron transportation services entity
no entity called enron singapore . . . . more than likely enron capital
no enron wind uk , no enron wind india . . . . but regardless , they are all part of the ewc / erec family .
global these entities all are a part of enron global exploration & production , inc . , which is owned by enron corp . , but one has indirect outside ownership .
ep : enron oil & gas india ltd . , for instance , is owned by enron asst holdings , which is owned by enron finance partners , which is part of a complex ownership
structure that includes one non - enron entity ( zephyrus investments , llc ) with a small interest .
again , i hope this information is helpful . for the most part the list appears to be in order except for the ones mentioned and for the fact that so many of the names are incomplete and hard to definitively track . let my group know if we can be of additional assistance .
hardie
angus h . davis
vice president
corporate secretary department
enron corp . & subsidiaries / affiliates
( 713 ) 853 - 6941
hardie . davis @ enron . com
[ davis , hardie ] - - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kean , steven j .
sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 01 pm
to : davis , hardie
subject : fw : non us locations
per our conversation
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : schultea , kathryn
sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 11 : 30 am
to : kean , steven j .
subject : non us locations
here you go . call with questions .