Subject: cash hayslett , rod ; geaccone , tracy ; myers , thomas ; castleman , kent ; sommers , jeffrey e . ; selzer , howard ; lindsey , mark e . ; beck , sally ; stubblefield , wade ; gunther , dave ; west , terry
cc : adams , gregory ; brown , rob ; butts , bob
subject : dip financing and other cash flows
attached is the spreadsheet we talked about on the phone . the numbers in the sheet represent what was shown to the dip lenders last
weekend in order to obtain financing . in many cases all revenues and other items were completely eliminated leaving only operating expense and
capital expenditures . we were trying to be as conservative as possible but also show a viable entity going forward . i hope we were not to far off .
what we would like you to do is populate this format with the numbers you believe to be true going forward based on the recent changes . we also need a detailed
explanation of what is in the numbers . a few things to remember are :
this estimate should contain no allocations except for what you believe you salaries and wages would be post reduction ( normally paid by corp )
operating expenses includes salaries , outside services , benefits , employee expenses and any other items normally in operating expenses including
non employee expenses and taxes other than income taxes . please provide as much detail as possible . there is space for detailed opex at the bottom of the page . call me if you have questions .
although in chapter 11 interest and income taxes are not paid , please provide these to the extent your business unit pays them . we will adjust for
entities that are in the filing .
i understand there is a big global effort to identify assets for sale but please provide your best estimate to date along with the detail and we will compare to the global effort .
capex and investing should be mandatory only . please provide detail back up .
to the extent your business has any financing activities please provide . again we will adjust for filing entities .
we need this as soon as possible but no later than friday morning 9 : 00 am .
this should be a realistic view of your business unit as run under chapter 11 . we are only focused on cash items now . please provide backup detail for any
item you think needs it or is not self evident . please do not hesitate to call myself 57852 or greg adams 33887 with questions .
shortly this format will be expanded to weekly for dec ' 01 and 13 weeks of 2002 with monthly through the remainder of 2002 . this is the attachment
that was suppose to be attached to the email from rick causey . below is a list of the cao ' s / leads and what entities they are responsible for .
wes colwell - ena , netco , ebs , epi and eeos
rod hayslett - ets ( without northern ) , northern , clean fuels , pge and erec
tom myers - egm
kent castleman - eim
jeff sommers - egas ( without elektro ) , elektro and any other self funding consolidated entity . call me .
howard selzer - egep india
mark lindsey - egf and corp
sally beck - enw
wade stubblefield - ees ( includes ees wholesale )
thank you for your help .