Subject: enrononline : briton who took trading online
louise ,
did you know that you had two children ? ? ? ?
- dan
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com
[ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ]
sent : friday , december 07 , 2001 8 : 40 am
to : 303435 @ mailman . enron . com
subject : enrononline : briton who took trading online
business
briton who took trading online
rupert steiner
12 / 02 / 2001
sunday times - london
final 1
5
( copyright times newspapers ltd , 2001 )
enron ' s fastest - rising star was a british mother - of - two . anonymous
in the uk , louise kitchen , the 32 - year - old former powergen manager ,
made her name with the audacious manner in which she set up the power
company ' s online trading arm , writes rupert steiner . it paid off and
her story is used as a case study in management schools throughout
america .
in just seven months , kitchen , president and chief operating
officer of enrononline , enabled the web - based trading of natural gas
in north america after developing the idea and progressing it to days
before launch without seeking board approval .
she joined the company in london in the spring of 1994 and was
responsible for building its natural gas trading business in europe .
a self - confessed loudmouth , she established a reputation for being
larger than life . she is certainly no shrinking violet - her
colleagues describe her as blunt , pushy and inspiring .
her career took off one april morning in 1999 . she was in a taxi
on her way to heathrow airport , bound for a large gas - processing
plant in teesside .
john sherriff , managing director of enron europe , and greg
whalley , enron ' s chief gas trader in houston , called and asked if she
would prepare some research on trading gas contracts online .
she spotted the opportunity and set out to do more than just
review enron ' s options for online trading . she enlisted the support
of enron ' s sceptical top traders and scoured the company for software
developers and other experts .
her volunteers worked nights and weekends while carrying on with
their regular jobs . kitchen did not attempt to get corporate approval
or seek permission to change the way the company traded , she simply
presented the project as a fait accompli a few weeks before it went
live .
it was a huge risk but one which was credited with the remaking of
the company . by mid - summer 2000 it had revolutionised the energy -
trading business , notching up more than $ 1 billion in average daily
trading transactions and lifting enron ' s sales by 75 % in the second
quarter . it raised enron ' s market value by billions of dollars .
she has been promoted seven times in five years and is listed in
fortune league table of the world ' s most powerful women . her future
now looks uncertain .
folder name : enrononline
relevance score on scale of 100 : 83
to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . )
copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved