Subject: re : matt hommel
it is a touching message in the midst of all this bad stuff . matt is expressing what almost everyone who has been associated with enrononline feels , both those remaining and those who are no longer here : we were all a part of something special , and i think that compounds the loss we all feel .
jay webb
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
to : hillier , bob ; webb , jay ; gonzales , francis
sent : fri dec 07 22 : 57 : 34 2001
subject : matt hommel
this got to me tonight - if we come back , or when we come back we need to remember this guy . i have no idea who he is but please can we hire him back if / when we get enrononline back on top . we need to remember him next year .
a great reflection on you guys too .
louise
ref : houston chronicle website
* * * * *
tuesday , dec . 4
i was part of the greatest team i have ever seen or heard of . we had unmatched talent and skill . we had a seemingly bottomless pool of experience to draw upon . we consistently diplayed unyielding determination and unwavering resolve . but , above all , an unbreakable commitment to help make enron online great . throughout the decline we did what we had always done - - we did our best .
* * * * * " enron took my 401 ( k ) , they took my stock options , they took away the day - old pastries that were always on the desk outside my office . . . . they took away my boss and my co - workers , whom i considered a family . i loved my job , and in the end they took that , too . " matt hommel , former enron employee * * * * *
we have all read the news and we all know the things that happened at enron and we all know the names of those to blame . at the end of it all , the truth is that bad things happen . for myself i humbly asked for only one thing : the chance to rebuild enron online . i waited all day praying that i would get a call to tell me that my wish had been granted . around 9 p . m . i got the call from the senior director that i hoped was good news . in the utmost professional manner , i was informed that there was no good news .
now it ' s over . i still get a bit choked up when i think about it . i don ' t work at enron , and the team that i was a part of has been scattered in the streets . i made some good friends at enron , but i know i won ' t see many of them again . enron took those friendships , enron took my 401 ( k ) , they took my stock options , they took away the day - old pastries that were always on the desk outside my office , they took the free sodas and the big screen tvs and the foosball table . they took away the free dinners we got on friday nights during the new releases to the web site . they took away the admin who always teased me because i ate like a pig and never gained weight . they took away the guy that beat me in foosball 5 - 1 , despite the fact that he played with one hand and was carrying on a conversation on his cell phone while he played . they took away my boss and my co - workers , whom i considered a family . i loved my job , and in the end they took that , too .
but let me say this . i have my memories . i am not going to ruin them with feelings of resentment or betrayal . i am going to keep my memories . they belong to me .
matt hommel ,
louise kitchen
chief operating officer
enron americas
tel : 713 853 3488
fax : 713 646 2308