Subject: fw : remaining it due diligence list
who would u like me to coordinate with to get this for ubs ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
jeff golden
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : brennan , james +
to : golden , jeff
cc : meinel , matt [ ubs ] ; meisner , joseph + ; schleimer , andrew + ; albert l . wells ( e - mail )
sent : sat dec 08 22 : 14 : 32 2001
subject : remaining it due diligence list
jeff :
below is the due diligence request list for it matters from matt meinel . you may want to direct any questions directly
to matt .
rgds
james
to verify this document we basically need the following info from enron :
comprehensive list of staff that are still employed from enron online
llc ( jay ' s group ) , enron networks llc ( beth ' s and jenny ' s group ) and
vince kaminski ' s groups .
comprehensive inventory of servers , workstations , and other equipment
in houston and other north american gas and power locations
copies of the front to back detail process flows for the gas and power
businesses done in april by it compliance department
comprehensive proprietary software lists for enron online , gas and
power trading ftb , development and testing tools to support
aforementioned applications
list of software , hardware and market data vendors and third party
packages and supporting contracts
network maps
current list of access rights by person to each of the systems listed
in the ftb gas and power trading
inventory of servers including break down of partitions on multi
partition machines
inventory of databases
floor plans of new trading floor , computer room and adjacent space that
could be physically secured .
matt meinel
386 753 1498
386 216 3224 ( mobile )
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .