Subject: re : netco
anne ,
i was responding to louise ' s request . i understood her request as one of identifying what we used and then deciding whether it made sense to bring them . if i can ' t have any of below systems we will be ok , but i will probably need one or two more people and a budget to buy a personnel database of some nature .
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : koehler , anne c .
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 01 pm
to : oxley , david
cc : philpott , charles ; davies , neil ; schultea , kathryn
subject : re : netco
it is my understanding that sap is not being transferred and i don ' t think the other systems are going either . please find out from a commercial person what is contemplated on the hr side .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : oxley , david
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 1 : 44 pm
to : koehler , anne c .
cc : philpott , charles ; davies , neil ; schultea , kathryn
subject : fw : netco
anne ,
depending on who may bid , i would at least in the first instance expect we would be interested ( for hr ) in :
sap
ehronline
gis
expertfinder
peoplefinder
pep
gcs
personic
referral platform
anything i missed team ?
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 11 : 16 am
to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; grigsby , mike ; herndon , rogers ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; thomas , jake ; milnthorp , rob ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; haedicke , mark e . ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; beck , sally ; hall jr . , robert l . ; hodges , georgeanne ; patrick , michael k . ; buy , rick ; port , david ; oxley , david ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; forster , david ; zufferli , john ; badeer , robert ; rosman , stewart ; motley , matt ; choi , paul ; heizenrader , tim ; will , lloyd ; arora , harry ; gilbert - smith , doug ; curry , mike ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; gaskill , chris ; le dain , eric ; redmond , brian ; douglas , steve h . ( tax )
cc : koehler , anne c . ; lavorato , john ; taylor , mark e ( legal )
subject : netco
as we move forward in the planning stages for netco we need to identify all systems which need to be moved or copied into the entity . we have identified the great majority of the systems to be moved but we may not be able to identify particular tools used by your group or you individually . this would include spreadsheets etc .
please send lists of systems and software required to anne koehler by close of business today .
to be clear we can ( subject to the negotiation ) move / copy systems and some data however , we cannot move either transaction data if counterparty specific or data obtained from a counterparty under a confidentiality agreement .
for houston traders , geof storey is compiling your lists .
thanks
louise