Subject: dataroom
following our monday meeting , bob hall had jeff gossett and stacey white coordinate with commercial teams on data that they have provided to date in the due diligence process . outside of these risk related reports , bob and his team have not provided reports or other documents to any of the potential suitors . a few others on bob hall ' s team have had meetings with various due diligence teams and have discussed processes and controls , but again have not provided documents . ( i do , however , believe that in the case of at least one due diligence team that our monthly operations report was given to the due diligence team by someone outside bob hall ' s team . i have not been able to confirm who within enron provided that information . )
i personally have not been involved in the majority of the due diligence process that has been conducted to date . i had one brief meeting with solomon smith barney , but did not provide them with any documents . i have had two meetings with various team members with jpmorgan chase , and again have not given them documents .
even though the only documents provided to date by the operations team have been risk related reports , we are compiling other information that supports discussions that the operations team has had with due diligence teams . the compilation of that data should be completed today . since we had not provided documents ( outside of risk reports ) to due diligence teams , it has taken several days to canvas those who have had discussions with due diligence teams to create a complete list of items that have been covered verbally . i am compiling 2 binders with this data , which includes the following :
operations organization charts
operations process flows
monthly operations report
monthly cash collections report
documentation reports
dpr template
risk analytics group ' s functions
doorstep reviews - concept
2001 reports from doorstep reviews
- calgary
- denver
- portland
- houston gas and power