Subject: fw : commodities futures and swaps contracts : set - off and bankruptcy
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : sandputil @ standardandpoors . com [ mailto : sandputil @ standardandpoors . com ]
sent : thursday , december 20 , 2001 10 : 17 am
to : rohauer , tanya
subject : commodities futures and swaps contracts : set - off and bankruptcy
standard and poor ' s ratingsdirect link
this report was reproduced from standard & poor ' s web - based credit ratings and research service , ratingsdirect .
click here to get a free 30 - day trial !
your connection to standard & poor ' s
utilities , oil & gas , and project finance ratings team
standard & poor ' s is pleased to provide ongoing service to the investment community .
research :
.
if you do not wish to receive further e - mails on any topic , please click here or send an e - mail with the subject " unsubscribe " to ratings _ customerrelations @ standardandpoors . com
if you would like to be added to this list , please send an e - mail to join - utility @ ratingslist . standardandpoors . com . you will be asked to confirm your request .
this report was reproduced from standard & poor ' s ratingsdirect , the premier source of real - time , web - based credit ratings and research from an organization that has been a leader in objective credit analysis for more than 140 years . to preview this dynamic on - line product , visit our ratingsdirect web site at .
published by standard & poor ' s , a division of the mcgraw - hill companies , inc . , executive offices : 1221 avenue of the americas , new york , n . y . 10020 . editorial offices : 55 water street , new york , ny 10041 . subscriber services : ( 1 ) 212 - 438 - 7280 . copyright 2001 by standard & poor ' s , a division of the mcgraw - hill companies . reproduction in whole or in part prohibited except by permission . all rights reserved . in providing the information on this e - mail ( the " standard & poor ' s information " ) standard & poor ' s has relied on information obtained from third - party sources and standard & poor ' s has not independently verified such information . standard & poor ' s makes no guarantees or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of or results to be obtained from accessing and using the standard & poor ' s information . neither standard & poor ' s nor its affiliates shall be liable to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy , error , or omission , regardless of cause , in standard & poor ' s information or for any damages resulting there from .
standard & poor ' s ratings are not market ratings nor are they recommendations to buy , hold , or sell any security or obligation issued by an obligor . standard & poor ' s relies on information provided by obligors , their accountants , counsel , and other experts and does not perform an audit in connection with any rating . the sending of the e - mail by users should not be construed as an endorsement of the accuracy of any of the data or conclusions , or as an attempt to independently assess or vouch for the financial condition of any company . standard & poor ' s receives compensation for determining ratings . such compensation is based on the time and effort to determine the ratings and is normally paid by the entity being rated . the compensation generally varies from us $ 10 , 000 to us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . while standard & poor ' s reserves the right to disseminate the rating , it receives no payment for doing so except for subscriptions to its publications .
standard & poor ' s uses web usage , billing , and contact data from subscribers for billing and order fulfillment purposes , for new product development and occasionally to inform subscribers about products or services from standard & poor ' s and the mcgraw - hill companies . if you have any questions about our privacy practices or would like to review the accuracy of the information you ' ve provided , please contact edward tyburczy at or refer to the mcgraw - hill companies customer privacy policy at
the information contained in this message is intended only for the recipient , may be privileged and confidential and protected from disclosure . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient , please be aware that any dissemination or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer .
thank you ,
standard & poor ' s