Subject: re : integration meeting
i have arranged for the meeting to take place in the large conference room here on the sixth floor - 06980 . i have confirmed that the a / v equipment is working so if you would like to use powerpoint in the conference room , it is available . also , if you would like to send me your presentations i will be more than happy to test run them for you or have them ready to go . i will be here at 7 : 00 - 7 : 30 am tomorrow morning .
sandwiches have been ordered for lunch and will be served in conference room 06984 .
k
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , december 26 , 2001 10 : 10 am
to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill ; brackett , debbie r . ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . ; schultea , kathryn
cc : golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly
subject : re : integration meeting
we will have a networked pc in the room - so choose if you want handouts or a powerpoint .
kim will forward details of the room today .
thanks
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : friday , december 21 , 2001 4 : 03 pm
to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill ; brackett , debbie r . ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s .
cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly
subject : re : integration meeting
the meeting has been confirmed .
they told me that they want to essentially gain an understanding of what our plan is to get up and running as quickly as possible which does i think differ slightly from integration .
have i missed any critical group ?
9 am introduction
9 : 15 am infrastructure rub
9 : 45 am it - development hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill
cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly
subject : integration meeting
one of our potential buyers will be here at 9 am on thursday . the scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule . this is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive . i tried to put ops first but it really doesn ' t make sense .
this really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but i wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover .
9 am introduction
9 : 15 am infrastructure rub
10 am it - development & ops webb
11 am mid office intergation overview hall
12 noon accounting , cash etc integration overview colwell / georges / meyers
11 am tour of the building / infrastructure donovan
wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail .
some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - i am arranging with bill donovan .
louise kitchen
chief operating officer
enron americas
tel : 713 853 3488
fax : 713 646 2308