Subject: re : re - start / integration planning
enrononline / netcoonline status update :
- " netcoonline " will be distinct from enrononline , with much the same functionality and a refreshed look .
- we will carry data to support the same gas and power products as were on enrononline . please contact us if you will need different products from what was on enrononline .
- we have prepared a list of top customers in cdn and us gas and power ( copy attached ) , which we will be using as a guide in chasing signed password applications .
- to speed the registration process , top customers will be preloaded into the system for activation as soon as we receive their password application .
- we are intending to use a simple , online gtc , which can be superceded by a negotiated master agreement , as with enrononline .
- internal trader names have been circulated to each desk head for approval .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , december 27 , 2001 4 : 58 pm
to : belden , tim ; calger , christopher f . ; presto , kevin m . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; forster , david ; curry , mike ; arnold , john ; shively , hunter s . ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; luce , laura ; vickers , frank ; neal , scott ; lagrasta , fred ; aucoin , berney c . ; steffes , james d . ; roberts , mike a . ; grigsby , mike ; tycholiz , barry ; allen , phillip k . ; redmond , brian ; martin , thomas a .
cc : lavorato , john
subject : re - start / integration planning
we have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the re - start / integration plans for netco . so far , we have primarily focussed on the mid / back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors . several plans are in the final stages of completion including : -
+ infrastructure jenny rub
+ development jay webb
+ enrononline webb / forster
+ hr david oxley
+ cash management tom myers
+ credit debbie brackett
the rest will be completed shortly .
we now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus . john and i would like to receive the plans " re - start / integration " plans by january 7 th , 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups . the focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible . i have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but i thought it might help . please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually .
customer side
+ customers phase 1 - first week ( eg top 10 )
phase 2 - first month ( eg top 50 )
phase 3 - first quarter ( eg top 100 )
+ action plan phase 1 customers
phase 2 customers
phase 3 customers
+ contracts by customers ( pre - prepared with credit terms etc )
+ customer visit schedule
product side
+ list of products phase 1 - first week
phase 2 - first month
phase 3 - first quarter
target number of transactions
+ phase 1
+ phase 2
+ phase 3
it transfer
louise