Subject: re : re - start / integration planning
louise - any notion of amount of risk bidders are comfy with , both credit and market ? i doubt anything specific has been discussed but have any ranges been thrown out . hope all is well . happy new year . rick
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : fri 12 / 28 / 2001 1 : 23 pm
to : rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; oxley , david ; myers , thomas ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; brackett , debbie r . ; buy , rick ; port , david ; beck , sally ; reeves , leslie ; hall , bob m
cc : lavorato , john
subject : fw : re - start / integration planning
although yesterday ' s meeting was excellent , we do need to get a lot more detailed on the re - start plans . i would like everyone to have completed their re - start plans by the end of next week for mid / back office . i realize you have all done a tremendous amount of work so far and this is what we really need to get in documentation form particularly as we may have a partner / buyer who we have not had as many detailed meetings with .
as you can see from the email below we are asking the commercial groups to do the same thing .
let me know if there are any issues - we are planning for a jan 20 restart .
thanks
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , december 27 , 2001 4 : 58 pm
to : belden , tim ; calger , christopher f . ; presto , kevin m . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; forster , david ; curry , mike ; arnold , john ; shively , hunter s . ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; luce , laura ; vickers , frank ; neal , scott ; lagrasta , fred ; aucoin , berney c . ; steffes , james d . ; roberts , mike a . ; grigsby , mike ; tycholiz , barry ; allen , phillip k . ; redmond , brian ; martin , thomas a .
cc : lavorato , john
subject : re - start / integration planning
we have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the re - start / integration plans for netco . so far , we have primarily focussed on the mid / back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors . several plans are in progress : -
+ infrastructure jenny rub
+ development jay webb
+ enrononline webb / forster
+ hr david oxley
+ cash management tom myers
+ credit debbie brackett
the rest will be completed shortly .
we now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus . john and i would like to receive the plans " re - start / integration " plans by january 7 th , 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups . the focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible . i have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but i thought it might help . please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually .
customer side
+ customers phase 1 - first week ( eg top 10 )
phase 2 - first month ( eg top 50 )
phase 3 - first quarter ( eg top 100 )
+ action plan phase 1 customers
phase 2 customers
phase 3 customers
+ contracts by customers ( pre - prepared with credit terms etc )
+ customer visit schedule
product side
+ list of products phase 1 - first week
phase 2 - first month
phase 3 - first quarter
target number of transactions
+ phase 1
+ phase 2
+ phase 3
it transfer
louise