Subject: re : re - start / integration planning
tim belden - will complete by friday
chris calger - will work with tim to complete by friday
kevin presto - spoke with and he said will complete by friday
dave duran - would like until the 7 th ( per email below ) and is going to come and talk to you about it
mitch robinson - working with chris calger to complete
dave forster - will have completed
mike curry - will have completed
john zufferli - has not read the message but i resent , he will read and will have to you by friday or will call you himself
john arnold - no answer on any number , left message at office - no voicemail on cell
laura luce - has meeting w / her group on wed and will have to you by friday
frank vickers - will have to you by friday
scott neal - will have to you by friday
fred lagrasta - will have to you by friday
berney aucoin - no answer - left voicemail on cell phone
jim steffes - no answer / have no home or cell number - left voicemail at office
mike roberts - not 100 % sure what he is to provide - but will put something together by friday
mike grigsby - did not answer cell - left voicemail
barry tycholiz - will have by friday
phillip allen - did not answer - left message on cellular
brian redmond - no answer - left voicemail on cellular
tom martin - will review but will have to you by friday
jenny rub - is almost complete will have to you by friday
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 10 : 51 am
to : hillis , kimberly
subject : fw : re - start / integration planning
ring each of the people on the list to make sure they know they have to produce the plan below by the end of the week .
let me know who you have problems contacting .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thursday , december 27 , 2001 4 : 58 pm
to : belden , tim ; calger , christopher f . ; presto , kevin m . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; forster , david ; curry , mike ; arnold , john ; shively , hunter s . ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; luce , laura ; vickers , frank ; neal , scott ; lagrasta , fred ; aucoin , berney c . ; steffes , james d . ; roberts , mike a . ; grigsby , mike ; tycholiz , barry ; allen , phillip k . ; redmond , brian ; martin , thomas a .
cc : lavorato , john
subject : re - start / integration planning
we have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the re - start / integration plans for netco . so far , we have primarily focussed on the mid / back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors . several plans are in the final stages of completion including : -
+ infrastructure jenny rub
+ development jay webb
+ enrononline webb / forster
+ hr david oxley
+ cash management tom myers
+ credit debbie brackett
the rest will be completed shortly .
we now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus . john and i would like to receive the plans " re - start / integration " plans by january 7 th , 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups . the focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible . i have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but i thought it might help . please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually .
customer side
+ customers phase 1 - first week ( eg top 10 )
phase 2 - first month ( eg top 50 )
phase 3 - first quarter ( eg top 100 )
+ action plan phase 1 customers
phase 2 customers
phase 3 customers
+ contracts by customers ( pre - prepared with credit terms etc )
+ customer visit schedule
product side
+ list of products phase 1 - first week
phase 2 - first month
phase 3 - first quarter
target number of transactions
+ phase 1
+ phase 2
+ phase 3
it transfer
louise