Subject: re : proposed retention bonuses for netco
jennifer doesn ' t know it yet , but when i submitted final numbers to hr , i kept her suggested increases and did not apply her suggested decreases ( which she did to balance the increases ) .
i expect we are going to lose some people . i hope the ones that go are not the best ones . obviously , the more we are willing to spend in bonus , the fewer the people we will lose .
when would you like to get together to discuss ?
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 9 : 21 am
to : forster , david
subject : fw : proposed retention bonuses for netco
sensitivity : confidential
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : denny , jennifer
sent : friday , december 28 , 2001 6 : 42 am
to : kitchen , louise
subject : proposed retention bonuses for netco
sensitivity : confidential
louise ,
i am sorry to bother you at such a critical time , because i know you are doing everything you can to salvage the remaining pieces at enron and are working long & tiresome hours to achieve this difficult matter .
however , i felt like i had to at least let you know my thoughts on the following .
dave forster & i met a couple of weeks ago on his initiative to discuss the proposed retention bonuses for my group . i was asked to review the preliminary numbers by individual . i was allowed to move dollars but not allowed to increase the total dollar figure for my group . frankly , the numbers seemed pretty low .
assuming the goal is to retain key employees for netco , i am not confident these numbers will achieve this .
i know several people in my group are interviewing outside of the company . i have asked them to be patient , not make any quick decisions , and give us a chance to see this through .
dave told me the figures were based on mid year evaluations . as you know , mid year evaluations are typically lower than year end . the mid year evaluation allows the employee time to improve in order to get to the desired level by year end . i understand the need for a reference point of some sort and mid year was the latest figure available . however , because the retention numbers were based on this , they are significantly lower .
my intentions are not to show any disrepect to dave by discussing this with you but i wanted to make sure my thoughts / opinions were communicated to you . if dave has already discussed this with you , i apologize for the duplication .
if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . i am on holiday & will be traveling today but can be reached on my cell at 713 - 446 - 9669 .
thank you for your time .
jennifer