Subject: re : remote offices
thank you . i will ensure we get with don miller .
laura
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : thu 1 / 3 / 2002 12 : 46 pm
to : luce , laura ; shepperd , tammy r .
cc : shively , hunter s .
subject : re : remote offices
i do not understand the netco / newco comments .
clearly at this point enron the estate should maintain the space until it is sold to a new buyer . that would be a don miller / fallon final call - but i think its a no brainer .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : luce , laura
sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 10 : 01 am
to : kitchen , louise ; shepperd , tammy r .
cc : shively , hunter s .
subject : fw : remote offices
under commitments to pec , enron has commited to provide office , computers , trading systems , etc . if this is changing , i need to know quickly . i have been provided indications from several outside counterparties , some divisions within newco and i thought netco as holding interest in purchasing the chicago business . due to the obvious indication of value for the joint venture with pec , i believe it imperative that the business / office be operational until march , 2002 , at a minimum .
please advise .
laura luce
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shepperd , tammy r .
sent : thu 1 / 3 / 2002 9 : 20 am
to : luce , laura
cc :
subject : fw : remote offices
laura ,
i understand that the metals group has asked to keep the chicago office open until mar 31 to wind things down . do you have any new information on ena ' s chicago folks at this time ? we may ask for a 60 day extension under bankruptcy orders to terminate the lease .
thanks ,
tammy
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 6 : 23 pm
to : shepperd , tammy r . ; colwell , wes
cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan ; miller , don ( asset mktg )
subject : re : remote offices
ok
please check with don miller too . netco does not want san francisco going forward and probably not chicago .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shepperd , tammy r .
sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 4 : 25 pm
to : colwell , wes ; kitchen , louise
cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan
subject : remote offices
we have asked epsc to pay the following leases for the month of january based on feedback from ena commercial leadership . my understanding is that we may still reject these leases under the bankruptcy if we do so by feb 2 . i will revisit the status of these leases with you before february rents are to be paid .
calgary
portland
san francisco
chicago
denver
i have also been contacted by paula corey , who is working on the enterprise strategy for the retrieval and disposition of remote office contents in the event any of these offices are closed . i will keep you posted on the recommendations .
regards ,
tammy