Subject: re : document on it solution
thanks , when i asked my lawyers abt it . . . they had no idea this
existed ( and want a copy if i can get my hands on it : - ) . talked to
jay , seems everything is cool . will try to get ahold of jenny in a
bit . thanks anne . c . koehler
subject : document on it solution
i have asked one of our deal team lawyers to send you a copy of the
document .
her name is anne koehler .
regards
louise
louise kitchen
chief operating officer
enron americas
tel : 713 853 3488
fax : 713 646 2308
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for
the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use ,
distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you
are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the
recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the
message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to
be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its
affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may
not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or
otherwise . thank you .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .