Subject: fw : master plan
louise ,
don has pushed this to fallon .
tammy
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : miller , don ( asset mktg )
sent : sunday , january 06 , 2002 1 : 19 pm
to : shepperd , tammy r .
subject : re : master plan
tammy ,
i have approx . 100 + people principally on 5 , but some remain on 6 . i believe it will tough , if not impossible to move everyone by tuesday ( i have no idea where jim fallon is planning on putting his wholesale group ) . i have forwarded this email to jim , and anticipate that he will deal with it .
thanks ,
don
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shepperd , tammy r .
sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 2 : 05 pm
to : miller , don ( asset mktg )
cc : bubenko , deborah ; duree , janelle
subject : fw : master plan
importance : high
don ,
i am working on the space plan for netco . i need a bit of assistance to identify the estate folks that are currently seated on either 5 or 6 . due to the short lead time i am on a rather tight leash . phase one of the project would require moving the estate people either to another ecs floor or perhaps to ecn . we would potentially schedule these moves for tuesday evening .
please advise as soon as possible the names and preferred location ( ecs or ecn ) for your estate team .
thanks in advance for your help !
tammy
x 36589
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 10 : 20 am
to : shepperd , tammy r .
cc : colwell , wes ; lavorato , john
subject : master plan
just when you thought it was safe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
we need to start working on getting everyone together who is in netco in time for the sale of the company . the ideal move time would be either this week - end or the next . the idea is that everyone ( 856 ) resides on 5 and 6 in the new building . hr has the most up to date list of who all of the people are . but essentially the organisation is just a smaller version of what we have today .
all commercial people on 6 , non - commerical on 5 . we would need to plan for an office to be created in the room next to mine ( but hold off on implementing that piece ) .
as the credit group is already here ( in the room next to mine ) - it would be really good to move them first so they do not have to move back to the old building and then back .
thanks