Subject: re : issues and update
- agree on eol group responsible to point of clicking . eol marketing will be responsible for contacting customers and getting signed pa ' s returned , but we plan on getting phone call assistance from origination / trading , where they already have a relationship with the individual at the customer company .
- the eta which you sent had the section removed which would have allowed us to distribute customer names . ( clause 6 a used to read " confidential information shall exclude the identification of counterparty as a user of the website " )
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : saturday , january 05 , 2002 9 : 12 am
to : forster , david
subject : re : issues and update
sorry only just got to read this .
i sort of see eol group as getting the customers to the point of being able to click and our marketers doing the masters .
looks like we will not get approval anyway - see you monday morning .
what did we send - it in or out ? ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : forster , david
sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 4 : 49 pm
to : kitchen , louise
subject : issues and update
louise ,
three questions / issues which i ' d appreciate your feedback on :
1 ) i am planning to arrange for a meeting with gas and power originators / traders tomorrow to let them know what we are planning with the top 50 customers ( sending draft pa ' s ) and enlist their support for calls where we can leverage their relationships with the customers .
2 ) after some more thought , i ' m on the fence about sending out the pa ' s without names . the following occurs to me :
- sending them out on tuesday is only three days before we know what the final name will be
- sending them out with the final name probably helps our credibility
- the pa / eta is a very simple form ; customers probably don ' t require the extra three days to review them .
- following the public release of our new buyers ' identity with the first release of the pa helps build a bit more excitement than otherwise .
3 ) i understand you are objecting to the provision which would allow us to release a customers ' name to another company . i don ' t think most customers would object to this and getting the provisions in up front gives us more flexibility later . can we keep this in ?
thanks ,
dave