Subject: re :
louise
have a few questions on the list of key personnel you gave to me
1 . there is a " will " listed - sorry but i don ' t see anyone with
this last name in my list .
2 . there is a " woulfe " listed - i couldn ' t find this so i presumed
this to be " wolf " - am i correct .
3 . also , there were a few people on your list who are analysts or
trading assistants - rotation 2 . is it correc that these are people we
would deem key , ie . , potential provide incentives to stay in order to
ensure the business ' success ?
4 . brad mackay was listed twice - fyi
many thanks
colette
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : louise . kitchen
sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 4 : 52 pm
to : dow , colette
cc : louise . kitchen
subject :
spoke to the deal team - they understand the economics and have gone to
speak to bill .
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the
sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the
intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please
contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the
message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to
be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding
and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates )
and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on
by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank
you .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .