Subject: launch plans for netcoonline
we are getting ready for the launch of " netcoonline " .
we have been preparing new documentation , a refreshed site design and cleaned products to reflect our gas and power focus .
our planned re - launch timetable is as follows :
week of jan 14 :
upon approval by the new buyer of the pa and eta formats , we will contact our top 50 customers and send them copies of the final pa and eta forms with the new buyer ' s name filled in . during this week , we will be working hard to get as many of the pa ' s returned as possible . once we have an approved pa , we can send the customer their new user id , which will allow them to start trading on the day we launch " netcoonline " .
a splash page will be available within two business days of knowing our new company name , on a web page reached via an automatic redirect from www . enrononline . com . this page will tell customers about the pending launch of " netcoonline " and provide links to the pa and registration screens and also to the user admin screens , which will allow customer master users to start setting up their subusers .
a press release will be issued which will include the planned launch date of " netcoonline "
week of jan . 21 :
if all goes well , " netcoonline " will be launched on tuesday , january 22 , with at least financial products ( timing for gas physical and power physical to be determined according to regulatory issues ) .
we will send out a mass mailing to approx . 3 , 000 individuals at 450 companies inviting them to sign up for netcoonline . included in the package will be a simple brochure , copies of the pa and eta and a list of frequently asked questions .
general terms and conditions ( gtc ' s ) will be available online and must be accepted online before a company can start to trade a particular commodity .
trading / origination coordination
we will shortly be sending you an invitation to join a meeting in which we will be discussing launch plans in more detail and looking for people to help in contacting customers on our top 50 list . although we have a dedicated enrononline marketing team , we would appreciate assistance from traders and originators who have strong relationships with our customers and can assist in getting signed pa ' s returned to us .
if you have any questions please contact bob shults ( 30397 ) or dave forster ( 31861 ) .