Subject: ferc mtg with netco
john novosel , sarah
subject : fw : update on bidding for enron ' s trading unit
interesting article .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : catherine mccarthy [ ]
sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 11 : 00 am
to : nicolay , christi l .
subject : fwd : update on bidding for enron ' s trading unit
christi ,
do you receive these emails ? if you do not , you might be interested in this one . i just received it .
cathy
this e - mail , including attachments , contains information that is confidential and may be protected by the attorney / client or other privileges . this e - mail , including attachments , constitutes non - public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient ( s ) . if you are not an intended recipient , please delete this e - mail , including attachments , and notify me . the unauthorized use , dissemination , distribution or reproduction of this e - mail , including attachments , is prohibited and may be unlawful .
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .
this e - mail , including attachments , contains information that is confidential and may be protected by the attorney / client or other privileges . this e - mail , including attachments , constitutes non - public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient ( s ) . if you are not an intended recipient , please delete this e - mail , including attachments , and notify me . the unauthorized use , dissemination , distribution or reproduction of this e - mail , including attachments , is prohibited and may be unlawful .
