Subject: re : power gtc
louise :
i am happy to provide you with the short form gtc today . however , i believe that an on - line eei will receive quicker market acceptance than the gtcs and that as a result more counterparties will start trading on - line in a shorter period of time .
i have attached below a revised version of the on - line eei for your consideration .
the on - line eei is a very long document , i agree . but there are now only 2 pages of netco changes to the eei that our counterparties will have to review , as opposed to 8 two column pages of gtcs . ( i have spoken with elizabeth about how best to ensure quick acceptance of the on - line documentation , and we decided to cut our other changes to the eei down to the bare bones . ) the eei is a widely accepted power contract , and i believe that a large number of our counterparties will prefer to trade pursuant to an on - line eei over a gtc . ( fyi , epmi has 98 executed eei contracts . )
please call me so that we can discuss . i ' d really like a chance to convince you that the eei is the way to go before we launch with the gtcs .
thanks ,
leslie
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : friday , january 11 , 2002 10 : 27 am
to : forster , david
cc : hansen , leslie ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; cook , mary ; sager , elizabeth ; st . clair , carol ; nettelton , marcus ; portz , david ; forster , david
subject : re : power gtc
i am thoroughly confused - we are not putting the master on line . where is the short form gtc ? please provide short form gtc today - thanks .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hansen , leslie
sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 1 : 57 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; cook , mary ; sager , elizabeth ; st . clair , carol ; nettelton , marcus ; portz , david ; forster , david
subject : power gtc
louise :
attached please find the gtcs for power ( with and without credit ) . please note that we are actually using the eei master agreement as the on - line contract , as opposed to the traditional gtcs . we were actually in the process of making this transition on eol this fall , and kevin presto and tim belden have endorsed netco ' s use of the eei on - line .
please let me know if you have any questions or comments .
leslie
> >