Subject: fw : saturday update
hi louise ,
just thought you should know . . .
we ' ve kept the mixed estate / netco application development teams bound together for these migration efforts and its just remarkable how hard these people are working . most of the dba team , headed by mable tang ( oracle ) and charles brewer ( sql server ) have been putting in very long hours and last night most didn ' t go home ! ( really ) . the livelink team were here untill the small hours too .
the infrastructure server people in particular ( charles ballmer and michael barber ) and their team members have worked very hard over the last week , getting ready .
they are all set to pull off the netco migration during the latter part of next week and through the weekend , and everyone seems to be very confident that we ' ll pull it off .
i ' d like to make special mention of one young lady called jane henry ( just a specialist ! ) who has more front than sainsbury ' s ( can ' t explain that to an american ! ) , who has been acting as anchor and project co - ordinator for all the activities and working long nights . she manages to keep control of all those strong personalities and kept us all on track . i ' d be very gratefull if you could find time to drop her a quick line . . . . she ' d be impressed at the recognition . . . .
regards
steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
subject : re : saturday update
i ' d like to thank everyone involved in the efforts since friday night ! i know a number of you stayed through the night to get us in good shape for this morning . well done especially to those people . great teamwork .
its outstanding how much effort everyone has put into this , and i look forward to seeing the completion of the testing tomorrow .
see you there !
best regards
steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : henry , jane hilburn
sent : sat 1 / 12 / 2002 3 : 23 pm
to : stock , steve ; johnson , jeff ; schomer , chris ; smith , regan m . ; ballmer , charles ; larkin , brian ; newland , william ; patel , piyush ; ward , bob ; brewer , charles ; tang , mable ; charbonnet , clement ; matson , randy ; nat , steve ; nommensen , dave ; merrell , brad ; ogden , arlene ; chitradurga , sundar ; jia , winston ; luu , duong ; poston , david ; powell , john d . ; ramesh , ganapathy ; rao , ramesh ; warner , john ; wei , zhiyong ; dolan , michael ; barber , michael ; gubser , marlin ; dziadek , keith ; sanborn , brandee ; sanvido , terry ; constantine , chris ; pua , cornelio ; wang , n . jessie ; simpson , stephen ; hall , rich ; cheng , john ; shishido , scott ; saleem , aftab ; krishnaswamy , jayant ; brennan , ryan ; pullicino , marcus ; schmidt , mark ; renaud , todd ; mcnair , darren ; qavi , faheem ; deleon , roberto ; beyer , troy ; james , matthew ; martinez , bob ; yanowski , tommy j . ; conley , tom ; cinelli , steve ; mckeel , richard ; harmon , kenneth m . ; stevens , wilford ; smith , bruce ; fortney , bill ; wong , jeremy ; lim , francis s . ; yang , sean ; dronet , david ; bharathi , jaikishore ; ray , edward
cc :
subject : saturday update
we have completed the estate migration . there are a few outstanding issues with enpower that dave poston ' s team will resolve , but i have been told that they are minor .
we will still have the 4 : 00 pm today and 12 : 00 pm tomorrow checkpoints on the bridgeline for informational purposes .
please feel free to call my cell with any additional concerns : 713 - 515 - 1601 .
- jane