Subject: fw : ubs warburg and enron
louise ,
looks like they are pushing back on the " w " .
we are just about ready to start changing site name references . please confirm whether you want us to proceed with the originally discussed ubsenergy or if we should in fact change references to ubswenergy .
thanks ,
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com [ mailto : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ]
sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 9 : 53 am
to : forster , david ; shah , kal
cc : penny . hope @ ubsw . com ; webb , jay
subject : fw : ubs warburg and enron
importance : high
hi dave / kal
looks like we can use the ubswenergy . com domain name for a few months
then integrate you guys into the ubswarburg policies over time . can
you send back an email confirming that this works for you . i think
this is the best compromise we can reach for the moment which allows us
to not waste any more time in discussions !
thx
ursula
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : penny hope
sent : 16 january 2002 05 : 52
to : stuart hepburn ; ursula mills ; pat odonnell
cc : elisabeth green ; judit kiss ; andrew - d lloyd
subject : ubs warburg and enron
importance : high
stuart
following our conversation this morning i just want to confirm what we
have agreed .
pat - please can you read through the points below and send stuart an
e - mail confirming that you agree with everything , particularly the
' conditions ' section , and that all the ubs warburg energy staff will
comply with the conditions as laid out below .
decisions :
= = = = = = =
1 ) the brand name for the new trading entity that we are acquiring from
enron will be ubs warburg energy .
2 ) the domain name will be www . ubswenergy . com and we will also point ,
but not market , various other domain names to the site , eg
www . ubsenergy . com , www . ubswarburgenergy . com
3 ) the new entity will follow all ubs warburg corporate identity rules
in terms of font , imagery and colour usage for all printed and online
material .
conditions :
= = = = = = = =
1 ) that in 6 months ' time ( week beginning 29 july 2002 ) our position is
reviewed . if this venture is successful and we plan to continue with
it , the branding position will change and the entity will be fully
incorporated into ubs warburg and any changes necessary with regard to
branding will be made .
2 ) the domain name will change , will follow corporate guidelines and
will follow the format of www . ubswarburg . com / energy ( where the
' / energy ' part can be discussed in order to ensure the most appropriate
name is used .
3 ) all printed material will be changed to reflect the change in brand
which therefore means that any material produced immediately will have
a relatively short shelf - life as it may have to be re - printed .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .