Subject: fw : physical access ( id cards ) for access to enron
ubsw regional security has coordinated the following access control
procedures with enron security . we request that all visitors to
enron - houston complex follow this process .
1 . forward an email ( before your departure ) to regional security ( nikki
canavan ) requesting
access to enron in houston , texas
2 . regional security will authorize and forward these names to enron
security .
3 . ubs employees should go to main lobby reception desk at 1400 smith
street in the north tower to obtain their temporary id ' s . ubs
employees should inform the receptionist / security officers that their
names have been forwarded to enron security . enron
receptionist / security personnel will give the ubs employees a
temporary
access card to the building which will be valid for 24 hours only .
ubs
employees will be required to show a valid state ( drivers license ) or
federal ( passport ) identification prior to the issuance of this
temporary id card .
4 . ubs employees intending to stay more than one day will then need
to call
enron security at 713 - 646 - 6200 to arrange to have their photo taken
and then
they will be issued an enron access card . this card will be valid for
seven
business days . if your visit to enron will exceed 7 business days
please include
that information on your e - mail . forward all questions / comments to
nikki canavan
in stamford or call 203 - 719 - 5642 .
ubsw regional security management can be notified via our security
console
desk ( 203 - 719 - 8757 ) which is operational 24 hours a day , 7 days a
week .
rgds
mark
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .