Subject: re :
hello louise .
the integration web site is : http : / / energy . to access this you will
need to go to the ubsw intranet home page referred to as the
compass , then type in the url .
look forward to meeting with you on friday .
mark
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : louise . kitchen
sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 10 : 34 am
to : bridges , mark
cc : louise . kitchen
subject :
importance : high
what is the name of the website where all of this information resides ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sent from my blackberry wireless handheld
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for
the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use ,
distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you
are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the
recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the
message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to
be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its
affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may
not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or
otherwise . thank you .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .