Subject: fw : ceraweek 2002 - special notice
timing is really tight , and am not entirely convinced of the value , but i ' m wondering if we should perhaps have some sort of presence at this conference . . .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : j . p . rosenfield [ mailto : jprosenfield @ cera . com ]
sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 10 : 25 pm
subject : ceraweek 2002 - special notice
dear cera members and friends :
we wanted to extend an invitation for you to join us for ceraweek 2002 ,
cera ' s 21 st annual executive conference on " the new face of risk : energy
strategies for a changed world " to be held february 11 - 15 , 2002 in
houston , texas . our
theme is particularly timely and important in light of the new
challenges to energy markets and the very significant questions over
future growth opportunities . ceraweek is the premiere annual gathering
of energy industry leaders offering insight into the energy future .
as you can see from the full agenda on our website at
http : / / www . cera . com / ceraweek , we have an extraordinary group of speakers
and an exciting and topical program . ceraweek will address the
strategic and investment implications of today ' s global geopolitical and
economic realignment , new pressures on competitive markets , and volatile
energy prices .
we wanted to be sure you were aware of some new options for ceraweek
participation :
* flexible enrollment packages - you may choose to participate in a
2 - day oil & gas program , 2 - day gas & power program , or our 4 - day full
conference suite
* ceraweek online premium access - extend the reach of ceraweek within
your organization with live webcasts , post - session wrap up interviews ,
and daily highlights summary videos
* partnership opportunities - ceraweek offers visibility and brand
building through a variety of sponsorship opportunities at the event
to enroll to ceraweek 2002 please click
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek 2002 / register or contact cera registration
at register @ cera . com or by phone at + 1 617 497 6446 ext . 800 . we hope
you will join us in houston .
sincerely ,
james rosenfield
cera managing director
our relationship with you is very important to us . should you prefer
not to receive future e - mail notifications , please send a reply to
this message with " donotemail " as the subject of your message .
( mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject = donotemail ) please indicate whether
you wish to be removed from the conference list or alternatively from
the list for any future cera notifications .
