Subject: fw : real estate issues re : ubsw energy , llc in houston
i ' m thinking 3 and 4 are not as nice as 5 and 6 , but that this would be ok , and preferable to moving to the north tower and that we should be trying for a longer lease , with breaks we can exercise at our option . we should be in a good negotiating position .
thought ?
dave
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mark . bridges @ ubsw . com
to : forster , david ; louise @ enron . com ; pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com
cc : beth . barrett @ ubsw . com ; bdugan @ ubspw . com
sent : mon jan 28 08 : 56 : 04 2002
subject : real estate issues re : ubsw energy , llc in houston
hello pat , louise , dave
the ubsw real estate department is reviewing the current / future lease
terms for ubsw energy llc , in houston . according to brian dugan , our
lead real estate guy on the bank side , the building owner has offered
a nine month lease to stay in the south tower on the 5 th and 6 th
floors . after the nine months we will be offered the option to sign
up for an additional 18 months but we could be moved down to floors 3
and 4 . is this a significant issue ? i understand that the 3 rd and
4 th floor foot prints are similar to 5 / 6 .
if ubsw energy is willing to relocate to the north tower , they can
get a lease for 5 - 9 years but this tower may be less suitable . what
are the issues here ?
the integration real estate team plans to meet this afternoon with
the bank ' s outside legal firm we use for real estate issues . we have
a target date of this friday to try to resolve all real estate issues
in order to meet the day 0 legal integration date of 2 / 6 / 02 .
your thoughts please .
mark
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .