Subject: fw : ubs sign - off
louise :
we are making progress , but it is slow . below are listed the contracts or terms on which we need sign off from ubs warburg . i telephoned brian murtagh today and asked him to come down this week to houston to help finalize all the forms by the end of the week . he is coming on thursday . we also talked about getting sign off from tax and credit at the same time , so as not to delay things . he is hopeful that no sign off will be required from switzerland ( re the bank netting issue ) at least on an interim basis .
in regard to the counterparties we are going to focus on first - - i need a further prioritization of the list with approximately 160 counterparties that i believe you had prepared . i think i need the top 50 , the second 50 and so on .
i will be out on wednesday , thursday and friday for my operations .
regards ,
mark haedicke
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : taylor , mark e ( legal )
sent : monday , january 28 , 2002 2 : 52 pm
to : haedicke , mark e .
subject : ubs sign - off
jim petrie has now signed off on the forms of password application , electronic trading agreement and legal & privacy statement for the online system .
we will need sign - off from connecticut / ny on :
adoption agreement
isda schedule ( underway after last week ' s meeting )
isda collateral support agreement paragraph 13 ( we received their version today )
financial gtc ( bryan has our old version but i will begin revising this afternoon to submit for approval )
enfolio master firm purchase & sale agreement ( physical gas )
physical gas gtc
eei master power purchase & sale agreement and collateral annex
physical power gtc ( which may be a version of the eei )
transmission and transportation agreements ( non - negotiable )
reliability and iso membership agreements
ferc power marketing certificate application
data migration issues
mark taylor
vice president and general counsel
enron wholesale services
1400 smith street - eb 3892
houston , texas 77008
( 713 ) 853 - 7459
( 713 ) 646 - 3490 ( fax )