Subject: re : business cards / amex cards for new ubs warburg energy llc
employees
no . great . lets get going . are we going to need to do anything on cell phones etc . ,
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : forster , david
sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 9 : 45 am
to : ' mark . bridges @ ubsw . com '
cc : breilly @ ubspw . com ; oxley , david ; kitchen , louise
subject : re : business cards / amex cards for new ubs warburg energy llc
employees
i ' m happy to proceed with this , unless louise or david have any issues .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mark . bridges @ ubsw . com [ mailto : mark . bridges @ ubsw . com ]
sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 8 : 37 am
to : forster , david ; oxley , david ; louise @ enron . com
cc : breilly @ ubspw . com
subject : business cards / amex cards for new ubs warburg energy llc
employees
hello louise , dave , david ,
is there any reason why we should not get started with the process of
getting business cards and amex cards for all folks that have signed
up to join the new entity ?
mark
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .