Subject: re : gtcs , forms and agreements
if there any drafts available before 3 : 00 pm i would very much
approciate it if you could e - mail them to me so i can read them on the
flight . ( blacklines would be great ! ) . otherswise if you could please
send the drafts to the st regis .
best regards ,
bryan
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mark . haedicke
sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 7 : 20 pm
to : mark . taylor ; elizabeth . sager ; jeffrey . t . hodge ; carol . st . clair ;
mary . cook ; william . s . bradford ; peter . keohane ; james . d . steffes ;
david . forster ; christopher . f . calger ; rob . milnthorp ; louise . kitchen ;
steve . c . hall ; christian . yoder
cc : mark . haedicke ; murtagh , bryan
subject : gtcs , forms and agreements
the goal is to finalize the gtcs and all significant trading forms and
receive ubs warburg comments and sign - off by both legal and credit by
the end of business on friday . to that end , bryan murtagh and sanjev
[ credit ] are coming down to houston tomorrow evening for meetings in eb
38 c 2 starting at 9 : 00 am on thursday and 1 : 00 pm on friday . this
timing is important in the overall rollout plan . peter keohane is also
coming to houston for the meetings to make parallel changes to the
canadian forms .
generally , the plan is to finish the financial gtcs , the isda schedule
and collateral support agreement paragraph 13 first on thursday . next ,
we should go to the physical gas gtcs , the enfolio master and the
adoption agreement . finally , we should proceed to the eei master and
collateral annex . also , there should be a discussion of the wspp and
any other western related issues .
on a separate track , all gas transportation and related gas agreements
( most of which are non - negotiable ) are being prepared by suzanne
calcagno , jeff hodge , gerald nemec and angela davis . these agreements
will also require sign - off by legal and credit . a discussion should be
scheduled on thursday or friday . on the power side , ercot issues
should be discussed , but otherwise the discussion of transmission
agreements etc . can wait until next week .
please identify all critical path issues to achieve the above - stated
goal . thanks in advance for all the hard work !
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the
sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the
intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please
contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the
message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to
be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding
and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates )
and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on
by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank
you .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .