Subject: re : marketing issues
no redirect currently in place . pat o ' donnell was unsure whether or not mike hutchins would object to a redirect or not and was going to bring it up with him , but last time i spoke to pat , he had not connected with mike on the subject .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 3 : 47 pm
to : forster , david ; webb , jay
subject : re : marketing issues
where are we with www . enrononline . com ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : forster , david
sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 6 : 26 pm
to : kitchen , louise
subject : marketing issues
louise ,
1 ) i just received a call from pat o ' donnell asking us to hold off on marketing to the top 50 customers until he is able to address an email he just received from ubs corporate marketing folks , instructing us not to use the url : www . ubswenergy . com . it seems they want us to use www . ubswarburg . com / energy . pat is going to argue on behalf of ubswenergy . com tomorrow . he anticipates having resolution by noon . i personally don ' t care much what url we use : the brand name and achieving concensus to get this off the ground is more important . of course , a change in url now means we have to go back through the site and change all the references again . . .
2 ) ubs ( in the form of matt meinel , who feels mike hutchins will be in agreement with him ) do not want us to redirect traffic from www . enrononline . com to the new site , as they feel that promotes too much of an association with enron . i disagree with their position , but don ' t think this is too big a deal - we will just need to more heavily promote the new website name . also , the execution version of the contract apparantly dropped the redirect requirement .
please let me know if you have any issues with the above and how you want to proceed . we are ready to put the splash page out and start marketing as of noon tomorrow , but these 11 th hour changes are making me feel skittish about pulling the trigger and i feel a real lack of comfort about our ability to market a system with no name .
dave