Subject: a few questions for you
hi louise
hope all is well and that your trip to and from london went smoothly !
a few questions :
1 . does enron have a system which collects data by customer ? we
have something called cmis which we use for these purposes and which i
believe we will need to integrate into the infrastructure if you don ' t
have something already . we usually need customer info for reg
reporting purposes .
2 . bob dinerstein believes it would be prudent to have a seminar of
sorts whereat the heads of gas and power trading present to key ubsw
people what their businesses are all about , example trade flows ,
competitive pressures , key reg reporting requirements , etc . he would
also anticipate having our outside counsel participate to discuss what
they understand to be the developing regulations in these markets . the
thought is to try and do this on thursday because so many ubsw people
will be on the ground in houston for the simulation exercise . i don ' t
know that i am wedded to that day and i am a bit unsure about whether
this makes sense given it may interfere with progress on integration
but this day may work since alot of people will already be there and i
am sure the traders will not be interested in doing anything like this
once they start trading . what do you think ?
the audience would include key logistics personnel from ubsw and enron
and anyone else you thought appropriate . spoke with mike about it and
he is fine .
3 . having ubsw paraphenalia sent down - toys , shirts , etc . , should
be arriving by no later than tuesday . if you haven ' t received anything
by late on monday could you let me know so i can track down . ubsw and
ubsw energy banners are being made to hang from the ceiling on both
trading floors - they should arrive by wed .
4 . was thinking perhaps we should have a celebration on the floor
on friday to commemorate the closing . what do you think ?
5 . i am planning to be down in houston for most of next week . i
thought it would be helpful to be on site in order to be available to
address issues as they arise in order to meet closing on friday . i
will be leaving on a late monday flight and returning on a late
afternoon friday flight . i hope you think this will be useful . please
let me know otherwise .
sorry for the long message . please feel free to call me at home or on
my cell if you have any questions , issues , would like to discuss h 914
764 4597 c 917 523 6132 .
colette
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .