Subject: re : ubs notes at ferc mtg
looks good . i need to find a different version of code of conduct that more closely mimics epmi and pge version . the agreement in appendix b right now may be too restrictive for our current dealings .
agree that we need to finish up details of ( a ) data transfer and ( b ) transistional services agreement .
in my discussions on friday , the transitional services will be " agent " type activities . enron needs help in making sure that it can service its contracts . no ubs warburg energy employee will make commercial decisions for enron - simply perform directed activities .
the question of data transferred is still outstanding , but i will hopefully know more on monday am . i am checking on exactly how much counterparty info will be held by ubs warburg energy .
i plan on being in your office first thing tues am .
thanks ,
jim
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : " fels , nicholas " @ enron [ mailto : " fels , nicholas " @ enron ]
sent : sat 2 / 2 / 2002 5 : 27 pm
to : steffes , james d .
cc :
subject : re : ubs notes at ferc mtg
here is what i had come up with . my thought is that the bold roman
numeral headings would make up an agenda , which we should send to
cindy marlette on monday , along with a list of those who will
attend for ubs . the subheadings , which would not appear on the
what we send to ferc , would be the main items for discussion .
i don ' t think your approach and mine are very far apart . i might
be somewhat less affirmative about raising the section 203 issue .
it will surely come up as we describe what will or will not be
transferred .
i also think it would be very helpful to clear up the points about
the approach to existing enron customers , and the transitional
arrangements before the meeting i would like , in any event , to
put something into the mbr application on transition arrangements
that is more definitive - - in the right way - - than footnote 12 of the
draft i sent out yesterday .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : steffes , james d . [ ]
sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 7 : 27 pm
to : fels , nicholas
subject : ubs notes at ferc mtg
nick - -
here is a draft of some talking points on the ferc meeting . may
need to shorten . i am very concerned about the data ubs will
acquire and the access to contracts , and implications for 203 .
jim
>
* * * *
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for
the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use ,
distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if
you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for
the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp .
at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies
of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not
intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or
evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp .
( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other
party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a
contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .
* * * *
- agenda for ubs ag meeting with ferc staff 2 - 2 . doc >