Subject: fw : fw : i know its annoying but
did you do all this over weekend ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mark . leroux @ ubsw . com [ mailto : mark . leroux @ ubsw . com ]
sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 8 : 47 am
to : oxley , david
cc : fitzpatrick , amy ; audrey . martin @ ubsw . com
subject : re : fw : i know its annoying but
david ,
we have : application , signed contract and drug test results .
we do not have : csg data form , confidentiality agreement , ethics ,
handbook , w - 4 , benefit elections
and beneficiaries . it appears she did not attend orientation .
hope this helps .
mark
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : david . oxley
sent : sunday , february 03 , 2002 9 : 01 pm
to : leroux , mark
cc : david . oxley ; martin , audrey ; amy . fitzpatrick
subject : fw : i know its annoying but
mark , could you check all is well with louise ' s info . thanks .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
to : oxley , david
sent : sun feb 03 19 : 54 : 58 2002
subject : i know its annoying but
my contract is in kitchen and i have done the drugs test , benefits etc
in nettelton . can you sort - thanks .
louise kitchen
chief operating officer
enron americas
tel : 713 853 3488
fax : 713 646 2308
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the
sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the
intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please
contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the
message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to
be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding
and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates )
and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on
by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank
you .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .