Subject: power documents ( final )
attached are final forms of certain power trading documents :
1 . master agreement eei ( full blown ) , with all credit terms left blank , for negotiation with counterparties ( cp ) ;
2 . eei collateral annex , including paragraph 10 , for use with the master agreement eei ;
3 . gtc eei , online with credit terms ( unilateral right to call for collateral at any time for any reason ) , for use as the default gtcs online when dealing with cps with whom there will be a credit requirement ( but could also be used for trades entered into orally assuming we secure the cp consent to the form of agreement , including cover page , prior to entering into trade ) ;
4 . gtc eei , online without credit terms , for use as the default gtcs online when dealing with cps with whom there will not be a credit requirement ( but could also be used for trades entered into orally assuming we secure the cp consent to the form of agreement , including cover page , prior to entering into trade ) .
while these documents have been discussed generally with ubs , ubs has not yet had an opportunity to review the actual final version .
100 copies of the first two documents ( which will be combined as one for distribution ) will be delivered by genia to dave shortly .
please call with any questions / comments .
elizabeth sager
713 - 853 - 6349
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : st . clair , carol
sent : sunday , february 03 , 2002 2 : 57 pm
to : cook , mary ; davis , angela ; hall , steve c . ( legal ) ; hansen , leslie ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; keohane , peter ; koehler , anne c . ; leite , francisco pinto ; nemec , gerald ; nettelton , marcus ; portz , david ; sager , elizabeth ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; yoder , christian ; bryan murtagh ( e - mail ) ; jeffrey stewart ( e - mail ) ; jennifer gabrielson ( e - mail ) ; john magovern ( e - mail ) ; sanjeev karkhanis ( e - mail )
cc : haedicke , mark e . ; kitchen , louise ; fitzgerald , genia ; ' llmagovern @ aol . com '
subject : power collateral support annex
importance : high
enclosed are clean and mark revised ( hopefully close to final ) drafts of the eei collateral annex and cover sheet . most of the changes were made to add securities as eligible collateral . this has not yet been done on the cover sheet since it is in a special format that i couldn ' t figure out . it will be done tomorrow . please call or e - mail me with any remaining comments as we need to finalize this as early as possible tomorrow . thanks .
> > > >
genia :
i left the cover sheet in your chair with the changes that need to be made . can you please make those changes ? thanks .
carol st . clair
eb 4539
713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone )
713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax )
281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone )
8774545506 ( pager )
281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax )
carol . st . clair @ enron . com