Subject: online trading simulation feb 7 th
preparations are continuing for our simulation on thursday , feb . 7 from 9 - 11 am .
during the simulation , you will be able to use your normal , " live " stack manager user id and password , which will be emailed to you separately .
the attached word document below provides a basic review on accessing the stack manager . you should manage the same products as you normally would , even if those products are not expected to be going live on our initial launch day . if you have products that need to be created , please contact kevin meredith ( 3 - 9555 ) or chris walker ( 3 - 7533 ) with ubswenergy . com immediately .
trading goals - for all traders participating in the simulation .
log into the stack manager on wednesday afternoon and ensure that your products are ready to be activated on thursday morning . we will send you a reminder on wednesday to advise you of the time when the application will be available .
start and end with a flat position
make markets in your respective products
maintain tight spreads in the products you manage
non - ubs personnel will not be able to see or transact on products during the simulation .
internal originators will be playing the roles of customers and will be hitting your stacks throughout the simulation . you will also be able to trade book to book via the website with your website user id and password which will also be emailed separately .
market " news " events may be emailed to you at certain points throughout the simulation ( e . g . " storm in the gulf " ) .
immediately after the simulation , the website will be inactivated , so that the operations group can test the mid / back - office systems , while the it groups clean - up the transaction data from the simulation .
the system will be made available again for live , internal trading ( book to book ) between traders on friday , february 8 , 2002 . friday ' s trades are for real .
if you can ' t log into any application on the day or are having trouble with your systems , please contact the ubswenergy . com help desk immediately at 713 . 584 . 4444
regards ,
ubswenergy . com