Subject: fw : re - cap of branding decisions
don ' t know if we can change now . . . . : - )
but i think we got most of what we want .
later
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hope , penny
sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 9 : 17 am
to : odonnell , pat ; meinel , matt ; baumann , heidi ; mills , ursula ;
petrie ,
james ; robinson , claudia ; david . forster ; ' kal . shah @ enron . com ' ; keily ,
ruth ; lloyd , andrew - d ; mitchell , nikki
cc : mcgreevy , terri ; hollis , amanda
subject : re - cap of branding decisions
all
in order to be clear about all the discussions that have taken place
on
the brand issues i ' ve been asked to summarise the final decisions :
1 . website : the url is www . ubswenergy . com
2 . e - mail address : firstname . lastname @ ubswenergy . com
3 . company marketing name : ubs warburg energy
4 . company legal entity name : ubs warburg energy llc
the first three are to be reviewed after approximately 6 months .
notes :
1 . when referring to the new company in text , the website should
always
be referred to as ' ubswenergy . com ' and not just ubswenergy - case can
be either upper or lower
2 . the corporate identity rules of ubs warburg are to be followed
when
producing any company material either for internal or external use .
the above was agreed with heidi baumann , pat o ' donnell and john
costas .
rgds
penny
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .