Subject: fw : master agreements
we won one !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : louis . eber @ ubsw . com [ mailto : louis . eber @ ubsw . com ]
sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 7 : 40 pm
to : forster , david
subject : re : master agreements
they can be sent from houston , but i think you will need ubs ag ,
stamford branch stationary . have you gotten a supply for this purpose ?
lou
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : david . forster
sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 5 : 40 pm
to : eber , louis
cc : david . forster
subject : master agreements
we are in the process of preparing master agreements to go to customers .
can these draft contracts be sent directly from here ?
obviously , each pack is quite large - it would be nice to avoid having
to ship them to connecticut just to have them forwarded from there .
dave
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant
affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the
sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the
intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please
contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the
message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to
be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding
and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates )
and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on
by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank
you .
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .