Subject: fw : releases
attached for your review are drafts of two news releases , one announcing the closing of the ubs warburg / energy
transaction and the other to announce the launch of ubswenergy . com . the plan is to issue the closing announcement on
friday ( 2 / 8 ) at about 8 a . m . new york time . the other is planned for when the website officially launches , which is
expected on monday ( 2 / 11 ) .
please forward your comments directly to david p . walker , head of media relations - americas , sometime on wednesday .
tomorrow , i will send you drafts of the internal announcements for friday and monday . the plan is to issue on friday a
global ubs warburg email announcement from john costas , announcing the new management . i need from human resources
confirmed titles for louise kitchen , john lavorato and kevin presto . in addition , we plan for friday an email from greg
whalley to employees who have signed on with ubs warburg energy , with costas ' s announcement attached . ( both will also be
posted on ubs warburg intranets , including the integration site . ) there will also be internal publicity on the day the
website launches : another email from whalley to energy employees and intranet articles within ubs warburg , including the
integration site .
please let me know if you have questions .
thanks ,
claudia
212 - 713 - 8508
> > >
- . doc
- ubsw energy release draft . doc
visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com
this message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please
notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this
e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .
e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free
as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if
verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments .