Subject: gpcm summary 1999
this has been a great year for rbac and gpcm .
during the year we have doubled to 10 the number of gpcm licensees .
this means we ' ve also doubled the number of wonderful people we ' ve trained
and are supporting .
and , i sincerely mean it when i say it has been a real pleasure working
with you all .
one of the things we stress when we are selling gpcm is that it takes a
strong commitment on the part of the licensee , a commitment to find skilled
and dedicated people to make optimal use of this sophisticated tool . and ,
i ' m happy to report that we have that quality in the gpcm teams we work
with .
next year we have some big challenges . we will be converting the system
from office 97 to office 2000 and will also need to make sure it will run
in the windows 2000 environment .
we will be adding new flexibility in defining our transportation zone price
curves to enable users , especially pipeline users , to test variations of
pricing strategies for their impacts on basis and utilization .
we will be adding a capability for modeling future ft contracting .
we will upgrade our existing database comparison program to allow you to
select those items you want to have automatically updated in your own
databases .
we will continue to work with rdi to improve pipeline and storage
infrastructure representations , to provide interfaces between gasdat and
gpcm , and to give you regular optional updates for your own databases .
we are beginning to plan out a new website dedicated to gpcm licensees ( and
possibly prospects ) . we have acquired gpcm . rbac . com and gpcm . net for this
purpose .
in making these various changes , we look also to you , our existing
licensees , for enhancement and improvement ideas . we are planning to
conduct interviews of our licensees during the next 30 - 60 days to find
out what you like , but also what you would like to see improved , as well as
some new ideas for gpcm .
i would like to thank the following people for their contributions to gpcm
during 1999 .
o liam leahy for his excellent marketing , sales , and planning support
o charles carr for his quality work on our website and support with subtle
visual basic programming issues
o richard berman for thorough research on design tools and skilled windows
programming
o richard mcbride for continuing support and development of his emnet
optimization program
o aaron and james brooks for design and production of the powerpoint
pipeline maps now available in gpcm
o mike farina and rdi for their continuing improvement of the gpcm data and
gasdat database
o gpcm users who have found data bugs and reported them to use so that we
could get them corrected
o gpcm users who have suggested new features which would make gpcm a better
product
o gpcm users who have given us sales leads during the year
o gpcm users who have used gpcm to help their companies make better plans
and decisions , which is , after all , the purpose for which it was designed
we hope all of you have a wonderful holiday season and look forward to an
even better year 2000 .
bob brooks