Subject: hello from chicago
i wanted to pass this on to you as a group . richard is taking responsibility
to ensure we have the appropriate resources to support our transaction
business .
if you have questions or comments , or need further information regarding the
attached , please contact me @ ( 312 ) 357 - 8869 .
thanx !
laura
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laura luce / corp / enron on 01 / 14 / 2000 10 : 06
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
richard tomaski
01 / 13 / 2000 07 : 59 pm
to : ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , deirdre mccaffrey / hou / ect @ ect , steve
jackson / hou / ect @ ect , berney c aucoin / hou / ect @ ect
cc : laura luce / corp / enron @ enron , barbara g dillard / corp / enron @ enron , gregg
penman / corp / enron @ enron , kevin p radous / corp / enron @ enron , russell e
murrell / corp / enron @ enron
subject : hello from chicago
hey guys , i just wanted to update everybody on what ' s going on up here in
chicago . we ' ve finally got our computers hooked up , so we are off and
running now . actually , we got quite of few projects going on up here ( yes ,
these are real projects ) and we are going to need the houston structuring
group for support . i don ' t know if you guys are still short - handed and what
kind of projects you may already have lined - up , but i wanted list out some of
the projects that we are currently working on .
gas
lrg project - deirde is currently working on this with russell
nss storage - sean boyle helped value both their current and new nss . we are
currently working on negotiating with people ' s for these , and i expect that
there may be additional requests in the future .
manlove summer withdraw program - yes this is not a typo . surprise ,
surprise . . . manlove can do a lot more than we thought . i ' ve talked to
deirdre about it and created a simple model , but i would like to better
analyze this with your help .
capital improvements - we ' ve got people ' s christmas list of capital projects
that we are going to help them analyze and seek if any of these make sense .
sendout model - we would like to help them better optimize their morning
sendout taking into account current market pricing and the enron supply deal .
pbr - we are not sure when or if people ' s will file a pbr , but i think that
there are a lot of things that we learned during our previous experience that
we can do to help them prepare for a competitive marketplace ( ie transport
customers tariff restructuring )
pesc - people ' s is looking for assistance in understanding load following and
helping them build models to optimize their retail gas effort
san juan pricing - evan has been working with the desk to provide indicative
pricing with regard to pec hedging out some of their san juan production
reserves
power
power project development - we have several power projects underway and the
ctg group ( billy lemmons ) is helping us create necessary models
pesc - the retail power stuff lives . i ' ve think that fallon has a new
attitude on these deals and enron has committed to help them figure out this
market .
power plant balancing model - we have in our portfolio and will be offering
balancing / storage services for chicago area power projects . we would like to
have a model or at least a better understanding to help us with this endeavor .
we have resources in chicago dedicated to these projects , as well as the
other stuff we ' re trying to do like negotiate contracts and set up the
chicago back office function . we plan on adding our own structuring
resources ( in chicago or houston ) , but we felt that we ought to start by
figuring out what support the houston office will be able to provide . i will
be in the office this monday ( jan 17 ) , so i hope to be able to catch up with
you and discuss some of these items then . feel free to contact me if you
need to before then at 312 . 357 . 8876 or pager 800 . 778 . 0291 . thanks
richard