Subject: mit student ' s thesis writeups
hi vince , krishna & i talked to this student while were at sycamore
networks . he appears to be very qualified for our ebs analytics group .
sycamore has a professional services team that provides consulting on network
optimization modeling , etc . they do this to push their products , etc . . . . one
of the professional in that group highly recommended this student . we are
currently working with the same professional at sycamore to perform our
intial network design analysis ( since the deadline was today ! ) . i have
arranged for the mit student ' s visit to houston along with the two standford
students this month . i have handed over the task of arranging such visits to
elisabeth grant . she will arrange everything and charge our rc so that we can
allocate to john griebling later . stinson and i think that is the most
effective way of doing this .
regards ,
ravi .
- - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 07 / 00 01 : 16
pm - - - - -
salal @ mit . edu
02 / 04 / 00 08 : 33 am
to : pkrishan @ enron . com
cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications ,
brett . leida @ sycamore . net
subject : writeups
hi krishan , ravi ,
i apologize for the delay in mailing the writeups - - some unforeseen
complications completely shot the last 1 - 1 / 2 day . i am attaching pdf
versions of :
1 . the first two chapters of my thesis , which should help
get a sense of what we are trying to do .
2 . two more technical modeling writeups for services i am
attempting to model .
the writeups are , as i mentioned before , works in progress , and
incomplete , and therefore i apologize in advance for confusions
that might arise . i also request that you not circulate these widely
for obvious reasons .
thanks very much ,
salal
salal humair
massachvsetts institvte of technology
operations research center
rooms e 40 - 130 , 5 - 332 a
x 3 - 3014 , x 5 - 9727
- expexp . pdf
- fedex . pdf
- thesis . pdf