Subject: public affairs organizational announcement
i am pleased to announce the following changes in the government and
regulatory affairs organization :
rick shapiro  ) managing director of government affairs for the americas .
rick is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs teams for the
us and canada . he will now assume responsibility for north and south
america . ricardo charvel ( senior director of government affairs for
mexico ) , jose bestard ( vice president of government affairs for south
america ) , and joe hillings ( vice president of federal government affairs )
will now report to rick . rick and his team will support enron  , s north
american business units as well as the caribbean and southern cone regions .
mark schroeder  ) vice president government affairs for europe , asia and
africa . mark is currently leading the government and regulatory affairs
teams for enron europe . he will now assume the additional responsibility of
supporting the apachi and india organizations . jane wilson will now focus
her attention on enron india and will report to mark as will our government
and regulatory affairs teams serving the apachi region .
mike terraso  ) vice president environment , health & safety and chief
environmental officer . mike is currently serving as vice president of
environment , health and safety for the gas pipeline group . mike has
increasingly become involved in environmental issues facing enron  , s
businesses around the world . mike will retain his current responsibilities
and will assume leadership of the environmental affairs team .
john hardy  ) vice president global project finance . john will report
directly to me and will continue his current responsibilities representing
enron before us and multilateral project finance agencies .
please join in me in congratulating these individuals on their
responsibilities .
attached is a revised organization chart reflecting these changes .
attachment :