Subject: re : our discussion
mike ,
there might be a place for steve in our unit supporting ees . i shall forward
the resume to my associates supporting the facility management
effort .
thanks for thinking about us .
vince
p . s . krishna , osman ,
can you take a look at the attached resume ? steve has no finance background
but his engineering background is very strong .
vince
michael l miller @ enron _ development
02 / 17 / 2000 07 : 52 am
sent by : michael linn miller @ enron _ development
to : vince j kaminski @ ect , stinson gibner @ ect
cc : aspijk @ texas . net
subject : our discussion
vince & stinson ,
i was given your names by lynn dunphy in recruiting and am taking the liberty
of forwarding you the attached cv . steve roeder is a former collegiate
swimmer and currently coach of the master ' s swimming program in the woodlands
( my wife is president of the program ) . he is also currently employed at air
liquide usa ( or one of its subsidiaries ) over in the galleria area . as a
consequence of air liquide ' s pending merger with boc , steve believes that
there will be significant personnel reductions sometime during 2000 and is
taking action now to try to locate his next professional challenge .
lynn suggested there might be a fit with your group and i would be grateful
if you could have a look and let me know whether you might be interested .
alternatively , if you don ' t see a fit ( or are adequately staffed at the
moment ) , i would be grateful for any suggestions you might have as to whom i
might contact internally on steve ' s behalf .
many thanks in advance .
m . l . miller
vice president - mergers & acquisitions
calme region
( 713 ) 345 5272
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael linn miller / enron _ development on
02 / 17 / 2000 07 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" roeder , steve " on 02 / 10 / 2000 03 : 14 : 18 pm
to : " ' michael . l . miller @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject : our discussion
mike -
thanks for taking the time to talk last evening . ? i really appreciated it . ?
( by the way , how is life in the white house now that you are living with a
president ? ? is air force one all that it is cracked up to be ? )
please see the attached document . ? by reading between the lines , hopefully
one can see that , whereas my training has been highly technical , my desire to
transform my career into the business side of a high - technology application
is set in this good foundation ( rather than limited by it ) .
thanks again for your support .
>
steve roeder
technology manager
air liquide america
713 624 8777
713 624 8350 fax
steve . roeder @ airliquide . com
- steve . doc