Subject: re : rotation information
martin , i am working right here with jim irvine and discussed your rotation .
you will report to me , with ' client ' reporting role to jim where you will do
most of the work . you will remain in houston working on the 19 th floor for
now until we find you a place on either 44 th or 45 th . jim irvine will be
asking john griebling for network planning office space in houston . you will
get an office in that area . jim will work from portland but will hold an
office in houston . until the office space on ebs floors happens , you need to
remain on the 19 th . we will allocate you to jim ' s & john griebling ' s group
full time . you will have ebs computers , cell phone , etc . to be fully
connected on the ebs side . you will work initially on the trffic engineering
side to support day - to - day fire - fighting like analysis . i will supervise you
with repect to guidance on what to do etc . . . jim will direct what will get
done . both jim and i will support traffic engineering work but jim is
ultimately responsible for deliverables .
our technical operational research specialists ( samer , chonawee , and two
others from stanford & mit ) will focus on next generation algorithms for ebs .
such an algorithm is currently being specified . this will depend on how the
trading market will develop . we know that existing off - shelf codes won ' t be
sufficient . the development period for these algorithms will anywhere from 3
months to 9 months depending on the complexity . this is in - line with when ebs
anticipates trade volumes to really pickup . i hope this helps .
regards ,
ravi .
martin . lin @ enron . com
02 / 23 / 00 02 : 06 pm
to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications
cc :
subject : rotation information
ravi ,
the associate program has a procedure that requires information on new
rotations . i just wanted to clarify some details of my rotation to ebs , esp
given the retained ties to research . will jim irvine be my supervisor with
ebs
being the company billed for my time ? that is , will my connection to research
be informal and understood , rather than having some actual reporting function ?
this is with respect to the a / a pool .
thanks ,
martin