Subject: caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00
hi vince , i ( and possibly stinson as well ) will be attending this initial
meeting looks like kick - off type of meeting . i will try to attend to drill
into what they can offer and what we have committed . make sure that we get
from the arrangement n john griebling & jim irvine ' s perspective and ours .
i ' ll fire off additional information as i get them .
ravi .
- - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 23 / 00 10 : 51
am - - - - -
nevil @ ipn . caida . org
02 / 22 / 00 12 : 16 pm
to : members @ caida . org
cc : nevil @ caida . org , ( bcc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications )
subject : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00
hello caida members :
update on the caida working groups . .
a . ' metrics @ caida . org ' mailing list
b . wg charters , meeting on 2 mar 00
a . ' metrics @ caida . oeg ' mailing list
i ' ve set up a single mailing list with this name , for discussions on wg
topics , passive measurements , etc . to start with it ' s a moderated list
( i . e . you have to be a member of the list to post to it , you join by sending
email to nevil @ caida . org asking to be added to the ' metrics ' list ) , with
the following initial set of members :
sue moon ,
brett watson ,
hans - werner braun ,
matt mathis ,
ian graham ,
tony mcgregor ,
john cleary ,
joerg micheel ,
kevin thompson ,
jambi gambar ,
daniel mcrobb ,
david moore ,
sean mccreary
rene hatem ,
shankar rao ,
cindy bickerstaff ,
jeff sedayao ,
steve feldman ,
bill woodcock
two questions for caida members :
i . who else would you suggest be invited to join the list ?
ii . should the list continue to be moderated , or should it
be changed into an open list ?
b . ' working group ' developments
following the caida members ' meeting on 8 feb 00 i ' ve attempted to define
exactly what problem we could consider getting an ietf working group
started on . my summary of the existing ietf wgs with interests in metrics
is given below ( appendix b ) , but it seems unlikely that we could get a
new ietf wg started .
i believe that we should instead run a single caida working group
on ' network metrics , ' rather than the two proposed earlier . my draft
of its charter is appended below . it focuses on producing educational
material about network measurement , and on developing new metrics - these
were the two areas of greatest interest amongst the caida members .
the wg co - chairs are
sue moon ( sprintlabs ) and brett watson ( mfn / abovenet )
you are invited to attend the first wg meeting .
the agenda is as follows . .
agenda for caida wg meeting on : thursday 2 mar 00
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
10 am - 4 pm , abovenet , downtown sjc ( see below for details )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
1 . review wg charter
- is it reasonable as set out in the draft ?
- what should be removed or added ?
2 . work through revised charter in detail
- identify the work required for each part
- determine who ' s willing to work on it
- attempt to determine delivery times
3 . discussion of new metrics
- first attempt at making a list of metrics to be considered
4 . anything else ?
location : abovenet is located in the knight - ridder building ,
attached to the fairmont hotel complex . the address is
50 w . san fernando st .
san jose , ca 95113
rsvp : to help us with organising the meeting , please send email to
nevil @ caida . org telling us how many will attend from
your organisation .
cheers , nevil
nevil brownlee visiting researcher
phone : ( 619 ) 822 0893 caida , san diego
caida network metrics working group : draft charter , tue 23 feb 00
goals :
1 education
+ faq on what does ' measuring the internet actually mean ? '
- why measure anyway ?
- what can be measured ? how ? where ? by whom ?
- active vs passive , end - to - end vs provider network only ,
application vs transport layer
- rating schemes : provider ' net performance ' pages , internet
' weather map ' s , keynote , etc .
publish as caida web pages , or maybe as an info rfc
+ survey paper on metrics and internet measurement
- current measurement efforts ( surveyor , ripe test traffic ,
amp , iperf , at & t , keynote , skitter , . . . )
- current tools
publish as caida web pages
2 service metrics
+ define new metrics
- taxonomy of current metrics ( ippm , rtfm , itu , . . )
- summary of metrics used for current services
- gather information / ideas about new / emerging services ,
especially diffserv - based ones
- make list of new metrics , either to improve measurement of
existing services or to support new ones
[ list of ' metrics ' questions ( appendix a ) goes here ]
+ organise experimental implementation / testing of tools
for new metrics
+ make recommendations on implementation
- define core set of ' really useful ' metrics
- recommend that caida implement these as a
' service measurement toolkit '
+ publish new metric definitions through ippm or rtfm
+ produce document " measurement requirements for hardware / software
vendors . " publish on caida web pages
appendix a : questions from the earlier draft caida wg charters
a . what types of network - and transport - layer metrics are being
used by isps in engineering and operating their networks ?
by customers for verifying service guarantees ?
b . what new services are being ( or are likely to be ) offered , e . g .
diffserv ? is there a need for higher - layer metrics to better
monitor and manage these services ?
c . will these new differentiated transport - and
application - layer services need new metrics ?
d . how can the service metrics be measured in a multi - isp
environment ?
e . how can customers verify these measurements ?
f . what requirements would service measurement introduce for
equipment vendors ?
g . how relevant are specific techniques ( e . g . which flow ) and
points of measurement to specific users ( isp , customer , etc . )
requirements ?
h . how do these metrics relate to network behavior as perceived
by users ? how do they correlate with performance ?
appendix b : background on the ietf working groups
* rtfm wg : realtime traffic flow measurement
rtfm is concerned with passive measurements of two - way traffic flows ,
specified in terms of their end - point attributes . its primary goal was
to produce an improved traffic flow measurement model considering at least the
following needs :
a . wider range of measurable quantities , e . g . those
relating to ipv 6 , and to class of service
b . simpler ways to specify flows of interest
c . better ways to control access to measured flow data
d . strong focus on data reduction capabilities
e . efficient hardware implementation
* ippm wg : ip performance measurement
the ippm wg charter is to develop a set of standard metrics that can
be applied to the quality , performance , and reliability of internet
data delivery services . these metrics will be designed such that they
can be performed by network operators , end users , or independent
testing groups . it is important that the metrics not represent a value
judgement ( i . e . define " good " and " bad " ) , but rather provide unbiased
quantitative measures of performance .
rfcs
framework for ip performance metrics ( rfc 2330 )
metrics :
connectivity ( rfc 2678 ) ,
one - way delay ( rfc 2679 ) , one - way packet loss ( rfc 2680 )
round - trip delay ( rfc 2681 )
i - ds
bulk transfer capacity ( 2 x )
instantaneous packet delay variation
one - way loss patterns
* other wgs
the rmonmib wg is thinking about ' application performance
measurement . ' this is clearly a hard problem ( e . g . does this just
mean response - time measurement , can it be done by passive means , how
should the measurements be presented , etc . ) .
in short
- rtfm provides a good distributed measuring system for traffic
volumes
- ippm has concentrated on transport - layer behaviour of the
current , best - effort internet .
- rmonmib is beginning to consider application - layer measurement
