Subject: follow up
mark ,
over the past several months vince and paul have had some contact with the
authors of this upcoming risk management book . vince and his group are
writing a chapter and the forward , and enron australia will contribute
aus $ 10 , 000 in support of the book . there are a number of apparent legal
issues associated with completing / publicizing this book and marge suggested
that this is an area of interest to you . i handle public relations for
apachi and will try to contact you within the next couple of days to seek
your guidance .
thanks ,
john
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john ambler / enron _ development on
02 / 23 / 2000 08 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
lacima on 02 / 21 / 2000 12 : 29 : 28 pm
to : john ambler / enron _ development @ enron _ development
cc :
subject : follow up
hi john ,
nice talking with you last week .
the following are some of the items that we discussed during own phone
call :
- attached is a copy of the introduction of the book . section 1 . 2
provides a content overview
- we are planning to market the book globally , and feel the market size
is
around 3000
- the authors names are dr chris stickland and dr les clewlow
- mini bio of authors : dr . les clewlow and dr chris strickland hold
associate research positions at both the school of finance and economics ,
university of technology , sydney and the financial options research centre ,
university of warwick , uk . together , they have over 20 years combined
experience in the financial and energy derivative markets and have
published many articles in academic and trade journals . they are the
authors of the book " implementing derivatives models " ( wiley , 1998 ) and
editors of " exotic options : the state of the art " ( itp , 1998 ) . their
forthcoming book " energy derivatives : pricing and risk management " is due
to be published during the second quarter 2000 . currently , their interests
are concentrated in the energy derivatives area , where they have developed
a wide range of pricing tools for electricity options and other energy
derivatives .
could you please provide responses to the following :
- would it be ok if we use the logo for enron , the global company ?
- what will you need from us before printing ? if you need to review the
book jacket or the manuscript , please let us know .
- if enron needs to review anything , how long will it take for enron to
turn it around ?
- we are putting together a leaflet advertising our energy course . we
would like to mention the forthcoming book and that it is being sponsored
by enron . . . is this ok with you ? no logo will be used .
- we would like to produce a leaflet / brochure advertising the book as
well , but this will follow after we have the book cover designed . should i
work with andrew at stokes account ex . on this ?
- how do we handle the money side of things ?
the manuscript is not fully completed , but we may begin typesetting any day
now . i think it will take about 3 - 4 weeks to typeset and then another 3
weeks to print and bind . sometime in late april ?
it looks like we will be in houston around the 7 th of march . . . will you be
around either the 7 th or 8 th ?
i hope you are enjoying your time at home .
let me know if you need anything further .
take care ,
julie
- intro . zip