Subject: job application
dear dr . kaminski ,
i currently hold a post - doctorate position in the mathematics
department at the university of texas at austin ( with a ph . d .
in theoretical physics ) . although my position here is renewable
until summer 2001 , i would like to move on to a more dynamic field
where i can still use my analytical skills and mathematical knowledge .
since attending a series of lectures on mathematical finance given
by dr . marc potters last summer i started studying the subject on my
own and found it intriguing and challenging .
i am interested in a position in your group ( rac ) at enron .
last fall in a career seminar at ut you mentioned that people who are
interested can send you their resume . if this is still relevant , please
find below my resume ( in word 97 and text formats ) .
thank you for your time .
yours ,
nurit krausz
nurit krausz , ph . d . http : / / www . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit /
dept . of mathematics phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170
university of texas at austin office : rlm 11 . 170 hours : mwf 8 : 30 - 10
resume
nurit krausz
university of texas
department of mathematics
austin , tx 78712
phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170
e - mail : nurit @ math . utexas . edu
http : / / rene . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit /
objective
a position in the field of mathematical finance utilizing broad
mathematical knowledge , innovative thinking and creativity .
summary of qualifications
with extensive academic background and research experience ,
combined with experience as an engineer in the israeli air force ,
i possess the following :
* deep mathematical and scientific knowledge .
* strong analytical and problem - solving skills .
* proven ability to quickly become an expert in new subjects .
* ability to present clearly and effectively complicated subjects .
* ability to work productively both independently and in teams .
academic positions
1998 - present : post - doctorate position at the university of texas
at austin , department of mathematics .
education
1994 - 1998 : d . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech .
research thesis : quantum dynamics on non - compact group manifolds .
supervisor : prof . m . marinov .
1992 - 1994 : m . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech .
research thesis : a study of scintillation in doped silica glass
for detection of neutrino oscillation .
supervisor : prof . j . goldberg .
the experiments were performed at cern during the summer of 1993 .
* performed the design , testing , and installation of the experimental
setup from remote - controlled mechanical equipment to sophisticated
electronics .
* performed statistical data analysis and critical interpretation of
results using software developed at cern ( paw ) .
* solved a complicated problem of track reconstruction through an
unusually shaped magnet for the chorus collaboration at cern , and
delivered a computer code ready for implementation , still in use
today .
1985 - 1989 : b . sc . in aeronautical engineering cum laude at the
technion - israel institute of technology .
military service
1989 - 1992 : aeronautic design engineer in the israeli air force .
rank : first lieutenant .
* designed and supervised numerous prototype installations of
electronic equipment and changes in combat planes .
* wrote procedures for harsh environmental durability tests for cockpit
and avionics bay - mounted equipment .
* negotiated and supervised manufacturing of parts with contractors .
* attended project management , engineering and product reliability
and maintenance courses .
* programmed simulations of ammunition trajectories from moving
aircrafts .
teaching experience :
1998 - present : lecturer at the university of texas
undergraduate courses : precalculus , calculus , linear algebra
graduate course : theory of lie groups
1992 - 1997 physics department , technion , teaching assistant
undergraduate course : elementary lab in mechanics
graduate courses : group theory for physics ,
introduction to particle physics , relativistic quantum mechanics .
computer knowledge :
unix and windows os , most common word processors , excel ,
maple , mathematica , fortran , html , latex .
publications :
1 . j . goldberg and n . krausz , response of cerium - doped silica glass
in a beam at cern , proceedings of the scifi conference , notre dame
university , notre dame , indiana ( 1993 ) .
2 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , quantal dynamics on non - compact
groups , proceedings of the 5 th international wigner symposium ,
world scientific ( 1998 ) , 398 .
3 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , exact evolution operator on
non - compact group manifolds , quant - ph / 9709050 ,
submitted to j . of math . phys .
4 . n . krausz , spherical averages in minkowski space , in preparation .
5 . n . krausz , quantum field theory in minkowski space , in preparation .
- resume . doc