Subject: ebs ' s approach to storage trading
hi ravi - -
thanks for you note . i would be very interested in a meeting to establish an
ebs - wide approach to storage . it ' s a huge opportunity .
we could expand the 2 : 30 pm friday meeting to include all interested ebs
people and discuss the topics below . could shalesh coordinate this meeting
and also coordinate the ongoing effort firm - wide ? have i omitted anything
below ?
as i see it , here are the key storage initiatives that ebs should undertake ,
and who is involved up to this point .
1 . - establish storage contract terms and pricing
who ' s involved : virawan , jean mrha beach
a . define terms for storage needed for ebs products ( mediacast ,
mediatransport , and new products )
b . define general terms for other storage contracts
2 . - establish storage pooling points ( spp )
who ' s involved : shalesh , richard reichardt , mark palmer , kara knop
who ' s needed : other designated people from bloomer and griebling groups , jim
crowder ' s group input on alliances
a . define technology needed
servers , storage devices
control software for physical delivery
b . decide optimal spp locations
at / near existing bandwidth trading pooling points
at / near existing ebs city pops
at a hosting partner location
c . engage optimal partners to create spp
ibm
ibm global services
tivioli ( storage management software )
emc
sun
compaq
existing storage portal vendors ( e . g . storage networks )
3 . - establish storage trading benchmark
who ' s involved : unknown
who ' s needed : research group
a . define unit of measure for trading contract ( e . g . , terabyte - month )
b . establish pricing mechanisms
4 . - identify ( and monetize ) storage market opportunites
who ' s involved : unknown
who ' s needed : cox ' s group , bloomer ' s group
a . storage intermediation opportunities
b . establish virtual storage portal service for ebs
ravi thuraisingham
03 / 08 / 00 11 : 00 am
to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron
communications @ enron communications , john bloomer / enron communications @ enron
communications , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron communications
cc : kara knop , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince kaminski , david cox / enron
communications @ enron communications , shalesh . ganjoo @ enron . com
subject : meeting for friday on storage
hi mark , i have not met you yet but heard a lot of good things about you . i
would like to discuss with you and possibly with john bloomer and richard
reichardt about the ebs research ' s role in supporting the storage market
development from the origination and trading perspective . there are several
people in various groups that are talking about storage but here is what ' s my
take on our involvement - - please correct me or suggest otherwise .
shalesh ganjoo is our lead analyst on this effort . in addition to his effort
with your group , he is presently supporting jean mrha with pricing and
standardization for a traded storage maret - - stinson gibner is directly
supervising him in this effort .
shalesh came to us through referal from david cox - - david discovered him at
one of his speaking engagements . shalesh had talked to david about traded
storage market development some time last october and david refered shalesh
to enron research group . we hired shalesh for general analyst position and
now he is pulled into all aspect of this storage effort . currently , he is
our point person ( with stinson or i supervising his effort ) who is supporting
jean mrha and you on the subject . kara knop has aproached shalesh with
request for some support and shalesh and she are sorting out each other  , s
role in this regard . as per my discussion today with david , we need to
coordinate this storage effort from the perspective of modeling market
assessment etc . for this i suggest shalesh and his effort so that all parties
involved can benefit from collective effort within one central source . based
on david ' s and my assessment of shalesh ' s capabilities , i would like to
suggest that the commercial heads use shalesh for his creative thinking ,
understanding of the market and analytical capabilities and not just for data
gathering and simple research effort . we can add other staff as we see the
need and as you request them .
please respond this e - mail with your comments if this sounds like aplan , so
that we can support this effort efficiently and in a scalable manner .
kind regards ,
ravi .
a bit about ebs research group
john bloomer and richard reichardt have met me and are aware of my role and
stinston gibner ' s role in ebs . i lead a team of quantitative professionals
via a group we are calling ebs research . this group reports to stinson
gibner ( vp ) and vince kaminski ( md and head of enron research ) . stinson and
vince are the original founders of enron corp research that has been charged
with model development efforts to support enron energy trading and other
enron business . enron research is involved in all aspects of enron buinesses
( ees , international , corporate affairs such as fas 133 and other accounting
and new product ( derivatives ) development , etc . ) .
within ebs research , there serveral professionals supporting kevin howard
( cfo office ) , john griebling , tom gros and jean mrha , david cox ( via boris ) ,
and the war room . our main area of focus is with jean mrha ( trading ) and
john griebling ( optical network design and optimization , etc . ) . we play a
key role with john griebling ' s go forward network design and implementation
through our responsiblity to provide traffic engineering analysis and
modeling effort .
- - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 09 : 31
am - - - - -
shalesh ganjoo @ ect
03 / 07 / 00 08 : 01 pm
to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications
cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron
subject : meeting for friday on storage
dear mark ,
i am looking forward to presenting my competitive analysis on the storage
market on friday to you and others . ravi thurasingham will be calling you to
find out if we ( research group ) can assist your group in any other way .
please let me know if you need any information before we meet . thank you .
sincerely ,
shalesh ganjoo