Subject: engineering meetings in broomfield co on march 9 and 10
hi stinson , as per our discussion , which we will expand upon when we meet
later today , my currently role in hamachi is better characterize as
combination of deal support ( from the engineering perpsective ) , facilitating
my work with jean mrha ( via erik simpson ) on the initial load forecast and
general requirements document development . none of this is technical by any
means . if anything , it is more like engineering consulting ( from deal
perspective ) by ebs research to john ' s group . i will bring it up with john
tomorrow night about bringing our technical guys on such road trips so that
they can get involved with his group even though no optimization modeling
work may need to be done . for this i will use samer and / or chonawee but we
need to be certain that they are available on such on - call basis as stated
below . john is very clear and specific about who he ask to be at such
meeting and when , etc . normally he does not want any deviations . so if we
put someone on such jobs , they have to be able to travel on - call anywhere ,
any place . that is the time pressure he is working with .
he want me to be the primary contact for such deal support effort . but i will
ask to bring along our technical guys on such trips so that they are plugged
in etc . . .
i will recommend this to john for the next deal that he is planning .
ravi .
- - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 10 : 57
am - - - - -
jeanette busse
03 / 08 / 00 10 : 52 am
to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , jim
irvine / enron communications @ enron communications , dayne relihan / enron
communications @ enron communications , tom huntington / enron
communications @ enron communications
cc : john griebling / enron communications @ enron communications
subject : engineering meetings in broomfield co on march 9 and 10
hello all ,
john griebling has requested your attendance at engineering meetings at the
omni hotel in the colorado boardroom on thursday and friday , march 9 & 10 ,
8 am - 6 pm both days . the engineering work could possibly overflow into the
weekend . you will need to fly out the evening of wednesday march 8 th .
please let me know if you have any questions .
jeanette
jeanette a . busse
project manager , strategic alliances
enron broadband services , inc . ( formerly enron communications )
2100 sw river parkway , suite 600
portland , or 97201
office : 503 . 886 . 0214 fax : 503 . 886 . 0434
email : jeanette _ busse @ enron . net