Subject: global technology organization changes
as the global technology group moves forward in accomplishing its goals of
developing worldwide technology standards , ecommerce opportunities and global
platforms , we continue to make changes in the organization to enhance
communication and maximize our intellectual capital . with that in mind , we
are pleased to announce the following organization changes within global
technology :
jay fitzgerald , md ecommerce , will be moving to enron north america and will
have responsibility for all of ena  , s ecommerce initiatives . although this
will be a big loss for global technology , jay will provide immediate benefits
to the explosion of ebusiness opportunities that are developing in the ena
lines of business . jay will report to greg whalley .
steve horn , vp investments , will be moving into global technology to head the
ecommerce ventures group responsible for ecommerce merchant investing . the
scope of this new group will include investing in the following areas :
strategic sourcing / procurement / demand aggregation / asset disposition businesses
ecommerce enabling technologies
global ecommerce opportunities outside of ebs / ena / ee . ebs , ee and ena will
be evaluating and making equity investments within their specific business
units .
examining houston technology business opportunities not directly related to
enron  , s business .
steve will report directly to me in his new role .
jenny rub has accepted the newly formed position of vp of infrastructure for
enron corp . her responsibilities include managing all it infrastructure
support activities . jenny will report to philippe bibi . jenny is currently
vp and cio for the gas pipeline group and she will be transitioning out of
that role as she completes several important initiatives .
beth perlman has recently relocated to the united states as vp of ena  , s
application development , rac and treasury applications . she was previously
heading up application development for enron europe . she will report to
philippe bibi .
dan bruce , vp , is responsible for it support in the international regions ,
ee & cc and asset operations . he will report to philippe bibi .
john pavetto , vp , will be responsible for all ecommerce initiatives outside
of enrononline . john will report to philippe bibi .
jay webb , sr . director , will continue to lead the enron online team reporting
to philippe bibi .
arshak sarkissian , sr . director , has accepted a position with ebs  , s strategic
development group and will be transitioning his responsibilities over the
course of the next few weeks . he will report to scott yeager .
please join me in congratulating everyone on their new positions .