Subject: visit to enron
tom ,
i am forwarding to you a copy of the message from nick bambos . i shall try to
catch you
for a few minutes today ( monday ) to close the loop on this effort .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000
11 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu
cc :
subject : visit to enron
hello vince ,
it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch
we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the
technical level and otherwise .
i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for
a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was
clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -
mine is rather terrible :
friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter
sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron
to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to
visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in
japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .
friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably
is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within
a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this
research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be
important for the student support funds to be in place then , so
that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top
talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have
approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing " soft
commitments to star - level students " to get this research and its
potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought
after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this
competition .
does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the
project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the
end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can
happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .
i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets
going . please let me know what you think .
best regards ,
nick