Subject: re : resco database and customer capture
steve :
osman has been working on setting up this meeting and its agenda . i already
informed john henderson about this as he is the main person from resco . both
osman and i will be involved from the research modeling angle . osman will
contact you today regarding this .
thanks ,
krishna .
vince j kaminski
04 / 11 / 2000 05 : 27 pm
to : steven r meyers / hou / ees @ ees
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : resco database and customer capture
steve ,
krishna from my group . krishna can also advise you on resco participation .
vince
steven r meyers @ ees
04 / 11 / 2000 04 : 51 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : resco database and customer capture
vince ,
i was not going to be involved directly in the meeting . who from either your
group or from resco marketing should participate ?
thanks ,
steve
vince j kaminski @ ect
04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 27 am
to : steven r meyers / hou / ees @ ees
cc : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : resco database and customer capture
steve ,
it makes sense to meet with abacus . retail marketing is very data intensive .
if you set up a meeting with them ,
please , let me know .
vince
steven r meyers @ ees
04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 17 am
to : timothy edward vail / hou / ees @ ees
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : resco database and customer capture
tim ,
i hope things are going well in resco . i think somebody from resco ( or
research ) may be interested in the email i received below from brad davids .
brad is now working at abacus who works with residential customer patterns as
well as predictive modelling . he ' s going to be here the 25 and 26 of this
month . i ' m not sure who is responsible for resco marketing , but i think they
would find this interesting . who should i send this to ? please let me know
if anybody in resco may have any interest .
thanks ,
steve
ps : vince , simply an fyi since they do focus on modelling and research .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven r meyers / hou / ees on 04 / 11 / 2000
08 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
bradley davids on 04 / 10 / 2000 08 : 35 : 32 pm
to : " ' steven . r . meyers @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject : re : possible meeting ?
steve :
i ' ll see if i can get in on the 25 th . . . will let you know , but i think
it ' ll work .
just to give you a very brief overview so you can think about who might be
interested , abacus has the largest transactional database of consumer buying
behavior in the world ( 89 million us households , 3 billion + purchases ) ,
along with sophisticated modeling capabilities to help predict customer
response to various offers at the household level . given the critical need
to reduce customer acquisition costs in retail energy markets , we believe
that our data and modeling can help energy retailers target their direct
marketing efforts toward the residential customers most likely to respond to
whatever the offer is - - improving the efficiency of mailings and other
promotional campaigns ( so there is an efficiency angle , see ! )
because our data allow the modeling of future buying behavior based on
actual purchases , our results tend to be significantly more predictive than
demographic - based models . so far , the the response from utilities and " new
entrants " i ' ve been talking to so far has been quite positive , and we have
some tests of our data underway , but we ' re interested in talking to as many
players in the market as possible as we develop specific products to meet
utility needs .
i can provide more background if desired to whoever might be interested , but
i guess the key immediate question is whether it might be worthwhile to
arrange a short meeting sometime on the 25 th of april with whoever at enron
might have interest in hearing what we ' re up to , and ( most importantly )
listening to what your data needs might be as you enter new markets .
thanks very much for any help . . . i look forward to catching up and
hearing how things are going for you .
regards ,
brad davids
303 - 410 - 5531
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : steven . r . meyers @ enron . com [ mailto : steven . r . meyers @ enron . com ]
sent : monday , april 10 , 2000 12 : 13 pm
to : brad . davids @ abacus - direct . com
subject : re : possible meeting ?
it ' d be great to meet on the 25 th in the afternoon . i have a flight in the
evening . i ' m interested in hearing about life at abacus . i too have heard
that enron is getting back into the residential market . what type of
database do you have ? i might be able to find somebody for you to talk
with here .
- steve
bradley davids on 04 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 00 pm
to : " steve meyers ( e - mail ) "
cc :
subject : possible meeting ?
steve :
sorry we ' ve been unable to hook up . . . i can probably get down there on
the 25 th , if you ' re going to be in town that afternoon ? would love to catch
up - - both on how things are going with ees and tell you about my new life .
also , i ' m hearing rumors that enron is about to get back into the
residential market in a big way - - you know anything about that ? anybody i
should talk to there about my huge database of consumer buying behavior ?
thanks - - looking forward to connecting . . . i ' ll be travelling most of this
week , but you can leave a vm and let me know when i can call you , or try me
on the cell at 303 - 886 - 3458 .
best ,
brad davids
bradley j . davids
associate vice president , utilities
abacus direct , a division of doubleclick , inc .
11101 west 120 th avenue
broomfield , co 80021 usa
e - mail brad . davids @ abacus - direct . com
tel 303 . 410 . 5531
fax 303 . 410 . 5300
www . doubleclick . net
www . abacus - direct . com
( see attached file : c . dtf )