Subject: ebs goes live ! . . . 15 , 000 will be impacted on 7 / 1 / 00
enron broadband services is the latest addition to the enron sap rollout .
the apollo and beyond project team and enron ' s business units are currently
preparing for the project ' s final implementation . apollo and beyond is an
enron initiative tasked with laying a common financial , human resources ,
project management , and procurement foundation throughout the majority of
enron ' s businesses .
ebs " go - live "
on april lst , enron broadband services supplemented their current sap
functionality with hr online and sap hr , including payroll and organizational
structure management . hr online enables the ebs population to enter their
own time , view and update their personal information , and view their vacation
time and individual payroll information via enron ' s intranet .
additionally , this implementation enhanced the sap financial , project and
procurement processes that ebs has had in operation since april 1 , 1999 .
these enhancements included an ebs pilot of b 2 b , a web - based requisitioning
tool . among the benefits of these enhancements will be improved information
flow across business units currently on sap .
july 1 " go - live "
this final apollo and beyond implementation will directly impact more than
15 , 000 enron employees and contractors - - odds are that you are one of them !
people impacted on july lst include :
all enron employees paid out of corporate payroll in houston , excluding
azurix employees
the financial communities of enron energy services , enron investment
partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation , gas
pipeline group , global finance , and global products .
the project management communities of enron north america , gas pipeline
group , global asset operations , global finance , and global products .
the human resources communities of corporate , global e & p , enron energy
services , enron engineering and construction company , enron investment
partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation ( houston
only ) , the international regions , gas pipeline group , global finance , and
global products .
general sap training will be available in late april via the enron intranet .
additional , specific , sap classes and workshops are scheduled to begin in may
and continue through august . information on the project can be obtained
through the enron intranet at http : / / sap . enron . com and by contacting business
unit representatives currently working with the project . a list of business
unit representatives is located on the intranet site .
additional information related to the july lst implementation will be
communicated to you over the next few months .
thank you .
melissa becker
project leader , apollo and beyond