Subject: re : thomas knudsen
steve ,
i shall talk to anjam about it . our impression here in houston is that thomas
is quite qualified
and we are very interested in him . a few days will not make much difference
in the hiring process .
vince
steven leppard
04 / 17 / 2000 03 : 50 am
to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : thomas knudsen
dale , vince
as you all know i have attempted to get thomas knudsen interviewed as a
result of prof lane hughston ' s recommendation ( lane is an acquaintance of
vince and me , and is a very senior figure in the world of quant finance ) .
anjam vetoed the idea of interviewing thomas since he was " too old and too
experienced " . since i felt that thomas has some merit , i asked houston to
have an informal chat with thomas . houston wish to pursue the interview
process further , and anjam has set about setting up the interviews . i ' m
somewhat concerned about the way in which anjam is going about this , since it
seems he ' s trying to put up barriers to these interviews .
i received a concerned email from thomas knudsen this morning in which he
recounts some strange conversations with anjam . he says he received a call
from anjam on thursday ( 13 th april ) evening ( outside office hours ) , asking
how he got his cv into enron ( i ' d shown anjam the email and cv back in early
february ) , and how anjam could contact him ( despite the fact he was
contacting him at that moment ) .
anjam then called thomas on his work number ( bad form ) on friday 14 th asking
thomas to come in for interviews on monday ( one working day ' s notice ) .
thomas told anjam he was going on holiday on wednesday of this week , and that
he ' d have to see if he could make time given the need to tidy up some things
at work . he said he ' d contact anjam on monday ( today ) to confirm his
availability .
today ( 17 th april ) thomas called anjam to say he couldn ' t make it , and that
he wouldn ' t be able to make it for two weeks ( not so serious , he thought ,
given that we ' re losing time to easter anyway ) . anjam told thomas that the
position might be filled in two weeks ' time .
thomas is concerned about missing the boat , and i for one didn ' t even realise
it was leaving so soon !
can anyone shed any light on this ?
steve