Subject: re : summer
van ,
thanks for your message . we are taking a number of interns this summer , but
the a & a
program has closed the books for this year . we were able to reopen the list
to add one candidate a few weeks ago , but cannot do it again . we promised it
would be the last addition .
vince
van ngo on 04 / 23 / 2000 11 : 42 : 54 am
to : vince kaminski
cc :
subject : summer
dear vince ,
i ' m writing to let you know that i have been in touch with christy young from
the a & a program and will be finding out my assignment for this summer soon . ?
i am very excited to be back at enron , and i hope to see the research team
again .
i ' d also like to inquire about summer positions within research . ? will the
research group be taking on another intern this summer ? ? since i know there
is no busier place at enron than the research group , if there is a position
available for this summer that you are looking to fill or that may be open
for consideration , i would love to connect you to another rice student .
please let me know if the group is considering receiving a new intern this
summer . ? if so , i would be thrilled to put you in touch with brad aimone , a
senior chemical engineering student here at rice who will be graduating with
both his b . s . and his masters in chemical engineering next may . ? brad has
gained extensive laboratory research experience over the past two years . ? his
academic focus gives him a strong mathematical , quantitative background and
excellent computer skills . ? i believe his skills are transferable and
relevant to the group , and he is a deeply dedicated individual . ? if the
research group is looking for a summer intern , i hope it will continue
enron ' s strong support and recruit of rice university students .
please feel free to contact brad directly to pursue this discussion . ( as i
realize the summer months are not far off , if it is easier , an arrangement
through prostaff may be made similar to my work extension at the end of last
summer ) . ? i have attached a copy of his resume for your review . ? brad will be
in houston this summer . ? his contact information is given below .
james bradley ( brad ) aimone
6320 main , houston , tx ? 77005
713 - 630 - 8035
imaknee @ rice . edu
?
also , please feel free to contact me if you have any questions . ? i sincerely
hope that you will have the opportunity to discover the contributions brad
can make to the research group . ? i certainly know that he would gain
tremendously from the experience as i did last summer .
thank you very much for your consideration .
sincerely ,
van
ph : 713 - 630 - 8038
- brad _ resume . doc