Subject: publishable research . . . . . .
vince :
the enclosed is from another of the people in the audience of my kao
presentation . i talked to him , and he seemed slightly flaky . however , any
research he does would be free . he ' s looking for direction . i doubt we
would want to waste our time and effort on him , but i thought i should send
this to you on the off chance that you might have a need for such a guy .
( maybe doing some research for trish ? )
grant .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2000 05 : 54
pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
steve j on 04 / 22 / 2000 10 : 02 : 11 pm
to : grant masson
cc :
subject : publishable research . . . . . .
hi grant ,
thanks for writing . i have attached my resume and
transcripts for your perusal .
as you can see , my background is not finance . i became
interested in finance via trading the markets . so my
research interests initially revolved around the central
concept of trading . . . . pricing , technical type thinking ,
insider transactions , volume , and such . but with exposure ,
my interests have grown and i have discovered that i really
enjoy economics . also there are many issues in finance
that sound interesting as i am exposed to them . the point
is , i am too early in my career to set strict limits on my
interests .
my goals are to get introduced to research and to new
ideas , to associate with good people , and to work on
strengthening my weaknesses . i am interested in starting
to build a network within the field of finance and
especially quantitative finance . ultimately , i have to
prepare myself for independent research in order to succeed
in my field .
this brings me to my final point . publications are
important for me . thus i would want to work on topics that
enron would be willing to publish . i would be willing to
work on proprietary models , as long as there was a portion
of the research that could be written up for publication
without jeapordizing the proprietary aspects of the model .
just to let you know . i was not in dr . kao ' s energy class .
i took his stochastic processes class . dr . kao just
mentioned your talk to me as he thought i might be
interested in meeting you and learning more about what is
being done at enron .
thanks again . if you need any more info or want anything
clarified , just write me .
steve
- - - grant masson wrote :
>
>
> steve :
>
> send me your resume and research interests , and i will
> circulate them .
>
> regards ,
> grant .
>
>
>
= = = = =
i believe in a free internet ! ! ! more importantly , i believe in a safe ,
secure and private internet ! !
do you yahoo ! ?
send online invitations with yahoo ! invites .
http : / / invites . yahoo . com
- r _ t 2 . 1 . doc