Subject: please add our contact information to your database . what follows are a
couple of active searches , should you become aware of interested
individuals .
chief executive officer
location : san diego , ca
company : * * rates . com
compensation : targeted compensation in the > $ 200 k base range plus extensive
stock ownership and bonus .
description : the board of directors of * * rates . com is seeking a dynamic
and experienced executive for the position of ceo of this pre - ipo internet
company . the ceo would play a key role in the business strategy of a highly
entrepreneurial and fast - growing company and answer directly to the board of
directors . this individual must be smart , highly motivated team leader able
to offer strong business strategies , especially involving the rapid growth
of operations and resulting financial challenges . the ceo must be
expansion - capable and have experience with business start ups , growing
businesses and the ability to get the company to a public offering
the chief executive officer for this 1 - year start - up , b 2 b e - commerce , single
location company must be able to commercially launch the company in the
energy industry , and ultimately expanding into other market niches while
making this company a market leader in the internet rate comparison market .
* * rates . com is a california c corporation company with an industry leading
board of directors and advisory board . the company in the process of
assembling a management team , finalizing the business plan and taking the
rate comparison service to market . the initially targeted electric and
natural gas industries have over $ 200 billion in annual revenues . currently ,
the three largest internet rate comparison companies have little or no
market share in the energy industry .
possible candidates can come from a variety of experiences , but experience
in starting up an energy company or leading - edge technology company is
critical .
requirements : the candidate must have 8 - 15 years of executive management
experience ( i . e . , ceo , president , sr . vice - president , partner level
consultancy ) in the private sector either with a deregulated energy company ,
a large consulting or a services oriented firm . extensive background in
either the energy field , high technology , including telecommunications ,
systems software , e - commerce development or e - commerce . must have a strong
background in business development and building relationships with large
companies . strong visionary with proven leadership qualities and capable of
building a company . degree essential .
computer literate in word processing / budget formats / and e - mail necessary
group and people skills essential organizational and planning skills a must
over all must be a self - starter and a communicator must be willing to travel
in states as necessary .
position title : director of acquisitions department : corporate development
location : dc reports to : vice president , acquisitions
position summary :
the person holding this position serves as a transaction team leader for
large acquisition projects within the energy group , performing all
activities and managing all resources necessary to successfully acquire
operating power plants , or gas assets . working largely through
self - direction , he or she manages the project team for an assigned project
and establishes and adheres to budgets and schedules . due to high deal
flow , the energy group needs two directors of acquisitions , and has one open
position .
principal duties and responsibilities :
1 . manages the project team for an assigned project . successfully manages
the project through signing of an asset purchase agreement .
2 . manages development of and inputs to , project / proposal economic
projections . obtains sign - off on pro forma inputs from appropriate company
officers .
3 . identifies problems and solicits input from appropriate team members
and / or senior management on project issues . develops alternative solutions
and assesses the alternatives in the context of project and corporate
objectives . chooses and implements the best solutions .
4 . establishes project budgets and schedules and manages expenditures to
budgeted levels .
5 . plans and organizes tasks and short - term goals for the project team
members to ensure the project stays on schedule . coordinates activities of
team members ( including third parties ) from different disciplines to ensure
activities with overlapping disciplinary impacts are performed efficiently .
6 . represents the project and the company in discussions with interested
parties , at lender meetings , etc . , and develops appropriate relationships
with individuals involved .
7 . identifies key issues associated with an acquisition and its potential
 & fatal flaws .  8
8 . assists in maintaining relations with investment banks and legal firms to
assure that company receives all appropriate  advanced degree in business or related field preferred .
2 . strong analytical skills , experience in building and managing pro formas .
3 . substantial record of successfully managing and participating in the
development or acquisition and financial closing of independent power
projects or merchant plants .
4 . excellent oral and written communication skills .
5 . ability to function in a team environment with multiple and changing
priorities , as either leader or team member .
interview with : chief financial officer
vice president , acquisitions
managing director , development
director , acquisitions
asian sales manager position .
selling turbomachinery controls throughout asia . the best location for this
position is in singapore . all
candidates for this position should have a proven track record selling
controls in the region .
the asian sales manager will be responsible for growing i & c systems product
line ( direct sales ) throughout asia . this will include sales of control
systems through engine and turbine packagers and rebuilders . company will
also pursue sales directly to end - users with the best candidates being the
oil & gas producers and power companies . the company will emphasize gas
turbine applications including compressor and generator drives . the company
is interested in developing alliances with large users such as ongc ,
petronos , and caltex , as well as pursuing the individual retrofits with
energy companies . retrofit opportunities will not be limited to this
company ' s machines . the company will retrofit any gas turbine . we will also
retrofit gas or diesel engines .
the company expects sales results and then growth plans for leveraging these
early successes . as they grow , additional sales personnel may be added and
they will report to the asian sales manager .
company hot buttons :
1 . familiar with asian oil & gas and power generation markets .
2 . strong technical understanding of control systems and turbomachinery
applications .
3 . well organized , self - managed individual .
4 . ability to manage and direct other sales people .
5 . ability to work with key customers , to understand their turbomachinery
requirements and communicate i & c solutions .
6 . ability to achieve early sales results and to develop sustained sales
growth .
7 . ability to develop long - term alliances with key customers , as well as ,
sales opportunities on individual control retrofit projects .
8 . strong understanding of sales & marketing principles with the ability to
implement these principles .
9 . ability to work well with people of various cultural backgrounds .
10 . the asian sales manager will be based in singapore and report to the
director of sales and marketing , located in houston , texas .
an undergraduate degree in electrical or mechanical engineering is required .
a graduate degree is business is also desirable .
regards ,
dave weir , sr . managing partner
ieg , inc .
215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090
website : www . iegsearch . com
email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . com
dave weir , sr . managing partner
ieg , inc .
215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090
website : www . iegsearch . com
email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . comdave weir , sr . managing partner
ieg , inc .
215 - 957 - 9012 fax . 215 - 957 - 1753 or 215 - 957 - 6090
website : www . iegsearch . com
email : dgweir @ iegsearch . com or dgweir @ aol . com