Subject: re : response from lenos
steve ,
i shall e - mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a
presentation on enron
( for analysts ) . you can use a few slides to introduce the company .
i would prefer not to disseminate the information about the use of amc . the
industry
does not know about it yet and i consider it a very powerful tool ( given its
flexibility ) .
i have the files on my laptop . i shall bring it to work to morrow
and send it to you .
please , remind me about it on thursday ( old age and the hectic pace here start
showing up ) .
vince
steven leppard
04 / 26 / 2000 05 : 09 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : response from lenos
vince
lenos got back to me , and said he ' d prefer a high - level overview of real
options in enron , perhaps using my notation to express the ideas . he wants
me to keep away from the technicalities of my work .
would you send me your ( usual ) powerpoint presentation on real options , and
i ' ll look at manipulating it to include my diagrams . my own efforts to date
have been on fairly limited power plant modelling / asset development , and i
obviously don ' t have the high - level view you have . this will ensure i get
the full range of real option type deals in my presentation .
if required i could present the real option problems i have analysed , namely :
1 . maintenance scheduling in power plant operation ;
2 . gas storage ;
3 . power plant asset development , which would include ( 1 ) as a sub - tree .
i will also need your advice on whether i can talk about the fact that we
prefer american monte carlo to build our trees . i haven ' t used amc myself up
till now , i ' ve been carrying out static optimizations , with different price
curve scenarios being run through .
i ' m still working on selling the full stochastic dynamic programming approach
- people are just getting to the stage of accepting my deterministic dp , and
they ' re still being supplied with useful products , as per my " real options
strategy " document .
cheers ,
steve