Subject: re :
dear navroz
thanks for getting back to me . the reason there has been a dialogue ( not , i
should point out , with nick , but with shan millie ) , is that my work is of
quite a large size , and needs to find an appropriate home . the question is
should it go into a compilation book , or somehow be published in the
magazine ? i was awaiting some feedback from risk on the best course of
action .
we were hoping to publish a cut down version in the magazine , and a full
version in risk ' s upcoming " game choices " book , but i ' ve heard nothing from
your organisation until now ( and i fear we ' ve now missed the boat on the game
choices book deadline ) . i ' m attaching the full internal enron document for
your reference , and i ' d appreciate your thoughts on how best to put the
article in your journal . since the subject is highly diagrammatic , i ' m
concerned that 4000 words may be too many when coupled with diagrams ! ( it is
currently only 6000 words , but is around 25 a 4 pages long . ) if you can give
me some guidance on the issue of publishing extensive diagrams as part of the
text , i ' ll get to work chopping my work around until it suits your preferred
format .
shan millie gave me some good feedback on general points of style and clarity
in my writing , but incorporating these would actually make the article longer
rather than shorter . i think you ' d better look the document over before i do
further work on it .
i look forward to your response .
many thanks ,
steve leppard
enron capital & trade resources corp .
from : " navroz patel "
04 / 28 / 2000 03 : 25 pm
please respond to " navroz patel "
to :
cc :
subject :
dear steven ,
my name is navroz patel and i am the technical assistant at risk magazine . i
am contacting you with regards to your initial dialogue with nick dunbar .
we would be grateful if you could email to both of the addresses below a
copy of your ' real options ' article for our consideration .
please note that articles must have full references , be approximately 4000
words in length , and the attachment should be in ms word or pdf format .
npatel @ risk . co . uk
ndunbar @ risk . co . uk
?
thank you for your interest .
yours sincerely ,
navroz patel .
technical assistant , risk magazine .