Subject: pjm adds ny prices to edata
message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at
pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :
pjm has launched a pilot version of edata which includes data from the
new york independent system operator . the beta - test period for the pilot is
expected to last approximately 90 days as pjm evaluates the success of using
cross - iso data in edata . if the pilot proves successful , pjm may add data
from
other isos in the future .
this pilot version of edata is a result of the collaboration among the
isos created by the memorandum of understanding signed last year . through the
iso mou process , stakeholders have asked the isos to improve seams issues ,
create like user interfaces , and make it easier to do business between the
isos .
the addition of other iso data to edata has several benefits to users
including
consolidated information , ease of use , less technical support required , and
improved customer service . real - time prices , forecasted / actual loads , tie
line
schedules , and transmission limits are all possible types of information that
may be included in the future .
edata was implemented in october 1998 . there are currently more that
1700 registered users representing over 200 companies . users include
marketers ,
utilities , control areas , state and federal regulators , educational
organizations , financial institutions and others . the tool continues to
attract
30 to 40 new registered users each week . normally , 100 - 300 users are
simultaneously logged onto the system . to become an edata user , submit new
user
information from the edata log in screen from the pjm web site at www . pjm . com .
please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer
relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com .
to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com
containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :
unsubscribe pjm - customer - info