Subject: virus update : please read
there are many different variations of the " iloveyou " computer virus still
being reported . the it infrastructure team is continually updating our virus
software as new versions become available , but it is extremely important that
you do not open any attachments that you do not regularly receive from
business associates . even business associates you are very familiar with
could be sending you the virus without knowing it , so unless you are
expecting an email from them with an specified attachment please do not open
it . if you are unsure whether to open an attachment please do not open it .
call your helpdesk to ask any questions and to get verification if required .
we may need you to log out and log back in during the day as new anti virus
updates become available . we appreciate your cooperation while we all work
to keep enron ' s computing environment secure .
please note the following enron policies regarding viruses :
email
malicious code ( virus ) screening
in addition to the enron requirement for email attachments ( received and
sent ) to be screened for malicious code ( viruses , trojan horses , etc . ) , users
of enron information resources are required to detach email attachments that
are received on to their hard drive for local virus screening purposes .
all executables ( * . bat , * exe , * . com , * . vbs ) files should never be launched
from email without first consulting with it .
virus alerts
the internet is constantly being flooded with information about computer
viruses and trojan horses . however , within among real virus notices are
computer virus hoaxes . while these hoaxes do not infect systems , they are
still time consuming and costly to handle . it only wastes bandwidth and
unnecessarily alarms other computer users .
please , do not perpetuate unconfirmed warnings about viruses and trojan
horses . if you receive an invalidated warning , don ' t pass it to all your
friends , pass it to your it computer security manager to validate first .
enron
information risk management
713 - 853 - 5536