Subject: re : visit to enron
fyi
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000
11 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nick bambos on 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 33 : 29 am
to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com
cc :
subject : re : visit to enron
stinson ,
> 1 . will you be able to arrive in houston by , say , 6 p . m . on thursday so
> that we can schedule a dinner meeting that evening ?
i ' m arriving at the george bush airport in houston next thursday at 5 : 15 pm .
i could then take a taxi to the hotel or the restaurant . how long would it
take me to get there ? is there a " rush hour " problem at that time ?
> also , if you are
> returning on friday , what time is your flight ? i don ' t want to book
> meetings too late in the afternoon for you , if you will need to leave for
> the airport .
i ' m flying out of houston on friday at 6 : 45 pm . is there a rush hour problem
on the freeways at that time ? what time should i leave from enron to be at the
airport at 6 pm ?
> 2 . would you be amenable to giving a 45 minute presentation on friday ?
> this would be an effective way of introducing you to many more people in
> ebs , including many of the traders . the topic could be of your choice and
> could be related to networks or the future of the internet .
i hope i ' ll have opportunities to give talks at enron in subsequent visits
along the research path . in this first visit i was hoping to understand better
the research goals of enron and brainstorm with people about what are the
top challenges and opportunities for our research collaboration . identifying
the best research problems in terms of
1 ) highest innovation potential and
2 ) highest projected impact
would be at the top of my list . it might be unprofessional on my side to
talk to an audience that i don ' t have any prior information about and is
very diverse anyway ; it could actually be " dangerous . " i would feel much more
comfortable to do that in my second visit , after i have understood the
environment
better and i have some results to talk about . i would like to be in a
position to " impress " people when i give my first talk at enron . ( besides ,
i will have to prepare good slides for such a talk and i am totally swamped
all next week . )
> 3 . do you have time to draft a short letter of understanding that vince
> could use to document the support being given to you and the uses which
> would be made of our contribution to your research effort ?
i ' m swamped , but i ' ll try to put something together .
i look forward to seeing you next week .
nick