Subject: re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )
iris ,
we can invite you for an interview to houston .
what would be a the time for you ?
vince
iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )
hi ,
thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts you
may have in your rolodex .
also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know
more
details .
kind regards ,
iris
internet
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt
to : iris mack
cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson , pinnamaneni . krishnarao ,
vasant . shanbhogue
bcc :
subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )
iris ,
i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i left
investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast .
alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron
or another energy company in houston ?
please , let me know .
vince
iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )
hi ,
how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not
responded
sooner .
currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk
management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and
working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my mother ' s
failing health .
do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may forward
my
details to ?
for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached file :
iris marie mack . doc ) .
thank you in advance for your time and consideration .
kind regards ,
iris mack
44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work )
44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home )
( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )
internet
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt
to : iris mack
cc : vince . j . kaminski
bcc :
subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron )
iris ,
please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .
i shall be glad to chat with you .
vince
iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am
to : vkamins @ enron . com
cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com
subject : greetings from london ( to enron )
dear dr . kaminski ,
how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference
in
nyc .
i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in
particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this
is
something i am interested in as well .
when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more
detail ?
thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .
regards ,
iris mack
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a
commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided
for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .
any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either
whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended
recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .
* bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa
ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en
aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *
sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le
groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,
meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes
pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement
l ' expediteur .
* le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas
sa
( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )
- iris marie mack . doc