Subject: pac enrollment
last year the enron political action committee ( pac ) launched a campaign to
become a " million dollar pac " . enron employees , who provide all of the
funding for the pac , responded and the enron pac reached its objective ,
becoming one of the largest corporate pacs . this year we face a new
challenge . with the sale of eog , the announced sale of pge and normal
employee turnover , we have lost a significant number of consistent
contributors . we are seeking your support . if you are not a member , please
join . if you are a member , we hope you will consider increasing your
contribution .
the enron pac is an essential tool in our effort to promote sound public
policy . our pac funds support local , state and federal candidates , of both
parties , who support open markets , deregulation and customer choice . amounts
contributed may be used to make political contributions in connection with
federal and state elections and are subject to the limits of the federal
election campaign act . while our pac has grown thanks to our employee
contributions , it still generates just a fraction of the expenditures of
those who oppose these ideals .
this year , as always , we face challenges and opportunities for every one of
our businesses , including such issues as taxation and regulation of
e - commerce , electric industry restructuring , regulation of derivatives ,
international trade and investment legislation , pipeline safety , local and
state decisions affecting the siting and interconnection of power plants and
a variety of environmental and tax issues . enron has a long and successful
track record of supporting and advancing good public policy . that track
record depends on access to and regular communication with , decision makers .
the pac provides that access - - it shows policy makers that real voters care
about what they are doing .
one of the best things about enron is that we don  , t just take things as they
are . we challenge the status quo . we ask why . we change things . the pac
helps us do that . we need you to help the pac . sign up today - and please
consider the following contribution guidelines :
manager $ 500 / year
director $ 750 / year
sr . director / general manager $ 1 , 000 / year
vice president $ 2 , 500 / year
sr . vp / managing director $ 3 , 500 / year
executive committee $ 5 , 000 / year
all contributions are voluntary and these guidelines are merely suggestions .
you are free to contribute more or less than the guidelines suggested and
enron will not favor or disadvantage anyone by reason of the amount of their
contribution or their decision not to contribute . you may refuse to
contribute without fear of reprisal .
only u . s . citizens and resident - aliens living in the u . s . can contribute to
the enron pac . the maximum contribution is $ 5 , 000 per year per individual .
an individual may not contribute more than $ 25 , 000 to all federal candidates
and committees within a calendar year . the law requires that enron report
name , address , employer and occupation for every person who contributes over
$ 200 / year .
no portion of any contribution is deductible as a charitable contribution for
federal income tax purposes .
thanks for your support ! sign up now , or revise your current contribution
level by connecting with the pac intranet site :
http : / / pacmembers . enron . com