Subject: re : london research prc
dale ,
thanks for the update . i fully concur with all the rankings .
it seems things are going well with the research group in
london and this is , to a very large extent , your contribution .
i think that anjam has improved a lot . i don ' t think , however ,
that he can run the group in the future . steve emerged as a natural
leader and has overwhelming support in the organization .
vince
dale surbey
06 / 15 / 2000 02 : 28 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : london research prc
vince ,
we had the prc preranking for rac and research in london yesterday . here ' s
how everyone came out :
steven - superior : no controversy here . steve received consistently strong
feedback ( ranked as either superior or excellent in all categories ) . the
only rough spot was teamwork , arising from the friction between anjam and
himself .
anjam - excellent : anjam received rankings of superiors or excellents in all
categories . several reviewers commented that anjam ' s performance in the
areas of producing results in a timely manner and communication have
improved . i felt the overall ranking of excellent was justified based on
this feedback , even though in terms of leadership i don ' t rate him high
enough to run the group here .
stinsen provided the most insightful comment on anjam ' s performance :
" technically superior but lets his quest for a leadership position detract
from his overall performance " .
on a related topic , anjam has been taking random days off , typically on short
notice , so i suspect he ' s interviewing for a new job . given his inability to
work with steven ( especially in the future when stephen heads the group ) ,
this may be the best long - term solution . any thoughts ?
ben - superior : another non - controversial ranking . ben received
consistently high marks from all the groups he supports , especially in the
area of non - technical skills .
i nominated ben for promotion to senior specialist . even though he was
promoted at year end , he ' s taken on a lot of responsibility training kirstee
and helping manage the other quant resources in brian ' s group . also , since
kirstee was hired in at the same level as ben , a mid - year promotion is
appropriate since he ' s effectively her supervisor .
kirstee - strong : only limited feedback in the 2 months she ' s been here .
high marks for technical / quantitative , strong in the " soft " skills . i think
the strong rating is the right message for early in the game - gives her a
target for improvement for the rest of the year .
- dale