Subject: new timesheet procedures
hello everyone :
just when you get used to something it changes !
as you may have heard , enron is implementing a new time entry system as part
of the july 1 sap implementation . time entry for the june 16 th - 30 th period
must be entered into sap by 3 : 00 pm cst on june 30 th . as your timekeeper , i
will assist with this process and ensure that we meet this very important
deadline .
i will continue to do the time sheets for the 19 th floor and for osman and
samer .
sam smith and / or kevin moore will be responsible for the timesheets for the
weather group on the 32 nd floor .
time can be entered in sap in two ways :
? you can enter your time yourself using the new ehronline feature ; or ,
? timekeepers can enter time on your behalf .
if you are unsure as to which approach you should use , please call me .
please remember that all time for this period must be submitted before 3 : 00
pm cst , on june 30 th .
for those of you using ehronline :
first of all , congratulations on taking this next step toward enron  , s vision
of empowering the employee . by using the new ehronline feature , you are
helping enron to realize the value in this sap implementation . hopefully ,
you too , will receive value from having instant access to your personal
information .
the new ehronline functionality is :
? easy to use
? accessible through the enron intranet at ehronline . enron . com
using this feature , you can not only enter your own time , but also maintain :
? your profile information ( skills , education , and experience )
? home address
? phone numbers
? w - 4 changes
? emergency contact information
additionally , you will be able to view your individual pay advice and benefit
elections .
you will receive your personal id and password via e - mail from sap _ security
by june 22 nd . because of the confidentiality of the information accessible
using ehronline , it is important that you keep your id and password
confidential . if you do not receive your information by the end of the day
on june 22 nd , please call the coe at ( 713 ) 345 - 4 sap to obtain your id and
password .
the apollo & beyond team has teamed with ebs to deliver training on how to
enter time using ehronline via ebs  , new product enroncast . this tool is
available to you on your desktop . you can access enroncast at
www . enroncast . com and follow the instructions .
step by step guides - http : / / sap . enron . com / coe
? enter time via ehronline ( employee ) step by step procedure
? correct time via ehronline ( employee ) step by step procedure
? enter time via ehronline ( non - employee contractor ) step by step procedure
? correct time via ehronline ( non - employee contractor ) step by step procedure ]
for those of you who need me to enter your time :
attached is a manual time entry form that i must have completed and returned
by june 28 th . please estimate the last two days of the period as accurately
as possible . if necessary , i can make corrections on the next time entry
period . if you do not want to use this form , i will have hard copies at my
desk and will be glad to help you fill them
out . i know this is creating more work for everyone , but what can i say ?
where can you get help ?
i am here to help you with the new coding necessary on your timesheet . also ,
if you do not know which absence or attendance type you should use , please
come see me or give me a call .
if you have other questions or are experiencing problems , you can also get
help from any of the following places :
center of expertise ( coe )
the center of expertise can help answer many of your questions and provide
you with assistance if you are experiencing problems . the coe is available
24 hours a day from monday at 7 : 00 am cst through friday at 7 : 00 pm cst . you
can contact the coe at ( 713 ) 345 - 4 sap .
dedicated support personnel
during the time period right after the initial  & go live  8 the project team has
dedicated additional resources to help support you . these resources can be
contacted at :
marla hernandez at x 39763 for now and after 6 / 22 at x 31645 at workstation #
eb 3661 b
mark timmons at 57919 for now , pager number 888 - 620 - 3896 , at workstation #
eb 3667 a
regards ,
shirley
3 - 5290