Subject: associate & analyst prc update
the prc process for the associate & analyst programs has been revised . the
office of the chairman , in conjunction with the heads of each operating
company , has established a prc committee for the associates and one for the
analysts . each committee will oversee the respective prc meetings . details
of the process are as follows :
i . prc committee members
associate prc committee
sally beck don w . black dan catagnola
paul chivers ed coats dave duran
bob hayes sean homes fred kelly
dick leibert sean long scott neal
ozzie pagan kevin presto brad richter
mark ruane jim steffes
analyst prc committee
dave bowers federico cerisoli ed coats
david crews brenda herod rogers herndon
ben jacoby steve jernigan william gehle
jay lewis ( james w ) paul mead mike norris
rockey storie jon thomsen emilio vicens
ii . meeting logistics
enron will hold eastern hemisphere associate and analyst prc meetings on july
17 th in london . the prc for the eastern hemisphere will include europe , india
and asia and will be chaired by john sherriff .
the western hemisphere associate and analyst prc meetings will be held on
july 19 th in houston . the prc for the western hemisphere will include south
america , calgary , portland , houston and australia ( houston administers it )
and will be chaired by joe sutton . the analyst prc will be conducted from
8 : 00 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . , and the associate prc will be conducted from 1 : 30
p . m . to 6 : 30 p . m .
iii . process
each prc representative has been randomly assigned 15 to 17 associates or
analysts that they will represent in the prc meeting . please note the prc
rep is not representing only those individuals who may work in his or her
specific opco but individuals that work throughout the organization . the prc
rep will continue to represent the assigned associates or analysts during
their entire tenure with the program .
the prc reps are expected to contact the prc supervisor and gather
performance information ( including pre - ratings if available ) .
the program will prepare a binder for each prc rep that includes consolidated
feedback from the pep system for their assigned associates or analysts and
will provide this to the prc representatives on july 7 th .
associates and analysts will be pre - rated by their business unit supervisor
using the six performance ratings ( superior - issues ) and the management
professional feedback form as detailed in the pep system . the pre - ratings
must be loaded into pep by july 6 th .
the associate and analyst ratings will be cross - calibrated by tenure at the
meeting as follows :
associates :
level 1 : 0 to 6 months
level 2 : 7 to 12 months
levels 3 & 4 will be reviewed together : 13 months + .
analysts :
level 1 : 0 to 6 months
level 2 : 7 to 12 months
level 3 : 13 to 24 months
level 4 and 5 will be reviewed together : 25 months +
the rating determined in the global cross calibration meeting is final , and
cannot be changed once the meeting has ended .
following the global associate and analyst prc , the associates  , and the
analysts  , supervisors will obtain the final rating from the prc
representative . the supervisors must ensure that an evaluation session is
conducted and the final rating is communicated to each associate and analyst
by september 15 th . the completed form must be signed by the associate or
analyst and returned to terry bosien in human resources by 9 / 18 / 00 .
iv . promotions
all promotions must be recommended in the prc .
associates are eligible for promotion to manager at their 18 and 24 month
anniversary .
timing . anniversaries that occur from april lst through september 30 th
should be recommended in the july prc and those that occur from october lst
through march 31 st should be recommended in the december prc . if the
promotion is granted it would become effective on the lst of the month
following the prc , or on the associate  , s anniversary date , whichever is later .
associates promoted after march 31 st for the july prc and after september
30 th for the december prc will be evaluated as associates for prc purposes ,
not as a manager ( i . e . an associate was promoted to manager effective april lst . in the july prc the individual should be evaluated as an associate not
as a manager ) .
2 nd year analysts are to be recommended for promotion to 3 rd year analysts
after completing the 2 nd year , utilizing the same timing criteria outlined
above ( i . e . , an analyst who completes the 2 nd year on september 30 th should
be recommended for promotion to 3 rd year analyst in the july prc ) .
3 rd year analysts may be recommended for promotion to associate after
completing the 3 rd year , utilizing the same timing criteria outlined above
( i . e . , an analyst who completes the 3 rd year on september 30 th should be
recommended for promotion to associate in the july prc ) .
please call terry bosien at 713 / 853 - 5230 or celeste roberts at 713 / 853 - 0555
if you have any questions .