Subject: enron / stanford program
hello vince , stinson ,
thank you very much for hosting my visit at enron . i had a
very pleasant time there , and i found the meetings very
informative .
as discussed during my visit at enron , i am sending you below
a draft of the letter that would be needed to get the program
in place and rolling , and start the students working on it .
it took a while to find out what the appropriate process was
and how the letter should be structured . sorry for the delay .
if i may , i ' d like to visit enron again , sometime in august ,
to define the research agenda more precisely and prioritize
the problems to look at . i ' m in frequent contact with giuseppe ,
who is impressed by the environment there . we are trying to formulate
the research issues and problems to study , that would be of interest
to enron . the plan is this :
1 ) by august , giuseppe will have been there for almost 2 months
and will probably have a relatively good understanding of the enron problem
space .
2 ) i will work together with giuseppe till august to formulate a set of
good problems of :
a ) high practical importance
b ) high innovation potential
c ) serious scope .
3 ) i could visit in august ( say mid - august or so ) to :
a ) discuss these problems with you and get your feedback
b ) prioritize the problems and evaluate their impact
c ) make sure we ' re on the same page regarding research strategy
and execution path .
i hope we can fully set up the program at stanford before then , so
that i can bring on board one more ph . d . student to start his
doctoral work in this area .
i ' m all excited about our collaboration . i am even thinking of
starting a research seminar at stanford , specifically on these
research issues !
talk to you soon .
best regards ,
nick
draft of letter to be sent from enron to stanford .
prof . nicholas bambos
420 terman engineering center
management science & eng . dept . and
electrical engineering department
stanford university
stanford , ca 94305
dear nick ,
we are happy to provide gift funds of $ 100 , 000 per year , over
three years , to support a program in your research group , related
to bandwidth markets / trading and networking technologies .
enron would like to support research activities in the above
mentioned area , including pd . d . student work , research seminars etc .
there may also be opportunities to have the supported ph . d . students
do summer internships at enron , related to their research interests .
please find enclosed a check of $ 100 , 000 payable to stanford university
for supporting this research effort in your group during the first year .
best regards ,
name and title