Subject: re : steve leppard
dale ,
my recommendation is to make steve the head of the research unit in london .
we were talking originally about september but i think we should accelerate
this process .
of course , anjam will be very unhappy about it , but we cannot manage around
him
any longer .
i think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase .
i would like to offer him a significant increase that
goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility .
a salary increase will also bring him closer to the market .
we see the market for technical people going through the roof in
practically every location
where we operate .
a contract is not a good solution in my view . it creates a sense of false
security for
both an employee and the company .
i shall send a message to john sherriff with my recommendation . i shall cc
you .
i would appreciate if you could bring it up with john as well .
vince
dale surbey
07 / 11 / 2000 10 : 23 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : steve leppard
hi vince ,
hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a
noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to
pay in the market for a replacement . they highlighted steve as someone with
a potential gap - particularly in light of what we ' re seeing in our quant
recruiting effort for credit trading and research .
i ' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and
keep him at enron . there are several things i see we can do :
1 ) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market . i ' m not
sure this is the best way to go , especially if we only offer him a token
salary increase .
2 ) offer him more responsibility : what are your thoughts on timing for
making steve the official head of the london research team ? with my move to
ebs , should we accelerate this ? i think this is good way to keep him happy
and motivated , and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at
year - end ( as part of the regular process ) that takes into account his greater
responsibility .
3 ) we have some people that we ' re trying to get under long - term ( 3 - yr )
contract with a 12 - month notice clause . obviously anyone signing one of
these will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed .
we ' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london , and i would prefer
to keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually
binding him to the job .
i ' d value your thoughts on this .
thanks ,
dale