Subject: department of energy is deploying a corporate portal at facilitie s
across the country
star information technology brings has the tools needed to help energy
companies gain knowledge . if it ' s information from oasis to market prices .
the events that change prices such as weather and more are always just one
click away with star information technologys ' powerful portal tools . our
portal products are the difference between seeing and doing . hosting dynamic
applications such as on - line reports , calendars , e - mail , and commerce
services create a one - stop shop for users to go about almost all of their
daily tasks : analyzing customer trends , checking schedules , viewing revenue -
or project - related performance metrics , and buying or selling products .
combining all the information relevant to users ' work with the ability to
act on that information enables organizations to get more done .
five government agencies deploy plumtree corporate portal at hundreds of
facilities -
the naval air systems command ( navair ) , department of energy ( doe ) ,
department of defense , national institutes of health and army public affairs
center are deploying a corporate portal at facilities across the country as
part of ongoing governmental initiatives to maximize efficiency , develop
more online content and provide private sector levels of customer service .
the plumtree corporate portal integrates regulatory , enforcement and
incident database reports , enterprise applications and internet services
into the agencies ' portals as portal gadgets ( tm ) , plug - in modules that embed
components of applications and interactive internet services in a
personalized portal page . the portal growth in the public sector is driven
by its success applying business technology to the specific challenges of
government , empowering federal agencies to simplify access to their data ,
reduce paperwork , benefit from the resources on the internet and share
information securely with their employees , contractors and constituencies .
for more information on how star information technology can help your
business turn knowledge into power contact us today at 508 - 359 - 6891 ext 115 .
christopher k . heisler
product manager
508 - 359 - 6892 ext 115
www . starit . com
cheisler @ starit . com
we make knowledge power