Subject: sas
to the group :
if you wish to use sas , there are a few simple things you need to do :
1 ) you need to get a unix password if you don ' t already have one ( your user
id will be the same as on the nt network , but a different password is issued )
2 ) you need a program called " exceed " on your pc . request it from it ( you
already have this if you are already a user of lim on the unix platform )
3 ) you need an " ftp " program on your pc . you can go to www . download . com and
download one ( i like wsftp )
4 ) exceed is funny in the way it runs . when you invoke exceed ( or lim
advanced user ( under infobases ) if you already have this ) it will install
itself the first time , and will then " disappear " to the taskbar . you need to
* right * click on the taskbar on exceed , and then choose " tools " and " client
startup " and then " new . "
you will enter a box which should already be set for rexec and an xwindow
emulation . you need to specify the host type as sun , enter your user name and
password , set the host name to :
capers . ect . enron . com
and then , on the command line , type the following ( carefully ) :
/ usr / openwin / bin / xterm - display @ d
then , use the file menu to save this as capers . xs and then click on the run !
menu . within a second or two , a window will open up with you logged into the
serve capers . you are now on a unix server , and the directory is your home
directory . from here , if you simply type " sas " the 3 windows for an
interactive session with sas should open on your desktop . you are in business .
5 ) you also need to install your ftp . follow the procedures with the
software , and then create a new session called " enron " where you choose as
the server simply " earth " ( do not add any further descriptors such as
. enron . com ) . supply your user name and * unix * password , check the " remember
password " box , and the default communication setups should be correct ( eg ,
host type as " automatic detect " ) .
when you invoke ftp and connect to enron , it will put you in your home
directory on the unix system , the same directory your xwindow comes up in
under exceed .
if you have any problems , i ' ll be happy to help
clayton
ps i have a complete set of new sas manuals i am happy to loan out if you ' ll
just write your name down when you take them .