Subject: bios of mit participants
vince : bios from mit participants did arrive - - - see below . amy
donald r . lessard
deputy dean ; epoch foundation professor of international management
office e 52 - 474
tel 617 - 253 - 6688
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
lessard ' s current research is focused on the shaping and managing of risks in
large engineering projects , the globalization of financial services , and
knowledge development within multinational firms . as deputy dean , lessard
coordinates sloan ' s research centers and provides faculty leadership for its
international initiatives , institutional partnerships and executive
education . the international initiatives include joint programs with tsinghua
and fudan universities and lingnan ( university ) college in china , as well as
programs in taiwan and singapore . lessard is also the faculty director for
the mit - wide partnership between merrill lynch and mit .
general expertise international corporate strategy and finance
s . p . kothari
gordon y billard professor of accounting and finance
office e 52 - 325
tel 617 - 253 - 0994
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
kothari is an editor of the journal of accounting & economics , and his
research work has been widely published in leading accounting and finance
journals . past research has focused on the relation between financial
information and security prices , accounting for executive stock options ,
tests of security - price performance and market efficiency , corporate uses of
derivatives for hedging and speculation , and issues surrounding executive
compensation . recent published research includes : " the relation between
earnings and cash flows " ( with patty dechow and ross watts ) , journal of
accounting " a market - based evaluation of discretionaryaccrual
models " ( with wayne guay and ross l . watts ) , journal of accounting research ,
1996 ; " another look at the cross - section of expected returns " ( with jay
shanken and richard sloan ) , journal of finance , 1995 ; and " measuring
long - horizon security price performance " ( with jerold b . warner ) , journal of
financial economics , 1997 .
general expertise accounting , india , stock trading