Subject: important united way reminder
reminder !
the united way executive breakfasts are one week away . please rsvp if you
have not already done so .
date : thursday , august 3 , 2000 ( hosted by joe sutton )
or
friday , august 4 , 2000 ( hosted by jeff skilling )
time : 7 : 45 - 9 : 00 a . m .
location : depelchin children  , s center
100 sandman ( near memorial and shepherd intersection )
rsvp : reply directly to this email or call jessica nunez , 853 - 1918 by
monday , july 31
transportation : bus will depart from the enron building ( andrews street
side ) promptly at 7 : 30 a . m . bus transportation is encouraged , due to limited
onsite parking . however , if you should need to drive , directions to depelchin
are below .
executive solicitation
executive solicitation kicked - off on july 24 and is well underway . as you
know , participation by enron  , s executive team is vital to the success of the
campaign . to make your contribution , please click on the following united
way link , http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or
netscape and type in http : / / unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either
option should take you to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site where you
should be able to make your pledge within minutes . please call kathy
mayfield , enron  , s campaign coordinator at 713 / 853 - 3264 if you have any
difficulties at all accessing the site .
we look forward to seeing you next week !
directions to depelchin children  , s center  ) 100 sandman ( 713 - 861 - 8136 )
from downtown houston
? take prairie ( which turns into memorial ) or allen parkway west to shepherd .
? turn right on shepherd .
? turn left on feagan ( which is the first light after memorial . )
? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks .
from the galleria area
? take 610 north to the woodway / memorial exit . exit and turn right on woodway .
? woodway will turn into memorial and stay on memorial until you see the
shepherd exit .
? exit shepherd and turn left on shepherd .
? turn left on feagan ( which is the first light after memorial . )
? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks .
from north of downtown
? take 45 or 59 south to i - 10 . go west on i - 10 .
? take the shepherd / durham exit and go through the shepherd intersection to
durham . go left under the freeway on durham .
? turn right on feagan ( which will be a light . )
? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks .