Subject: sddp model
john ,
attached is a copy of the sddp methodology manual , written by the
developers . the model was developed by mario pereira , who is the proprietor
of psri ( power systems research inc ) in rio de janeiro . their web site is :
www . psr - inc . com where you can find more information about the company and
contact details . mario and most of the staff speak english , so phone calls
are possible .
development of sddp was originally done on a world bank contract to compare
the benefits of new generation and transmission system interconnections in
central america . it has since found much wider application . the code runs
on a pc , and is licensed to a number of consultants , power companies , etc .
while i was with ecnz in wellington , new zealand , we purchased a copy around
1994 .
the model works with weekly or monthly time steps , with a time horizon of
from 1 to 10 years , for mid to long range planning of hydro thermal power
systems . it represents loads in each period as from one to five load blocks ,
so it is not a chronological model . this type of model can not handle
thermal plant ramp rates and similar chronological system constraints . i ' m
not sure how important that would be to you . the optimization phase of the
model takes into account hydrological uncertainty using a form of stochastic
dynamic programming with sampling . this phase sets up a function for water
value in each large reservoir in the system . the simulation phase uses a
number of hydrological outcomes to collect statistics on how the system would
operate . the water values can be used with the short term optimization mode
of sddp or in some other more detailed short term optimization model .
most constraints found in hydro systems can be modelled . many transmission
constraints can be modelled . a dc load flow option can be used to determine
bus nodal prices .
a visual basic user interface is provided which reads and writes text files .
if you ' d like to know more about sddp , you could call me here in houston .
( tel 001 713 345 8539 )
yours
tom halliburton