Subject: ena fileplan
vince :
fyi
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000
08 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sarah bolken @ enron
08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 08 am
sent by : sara bolken @ enron
to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : ena fileplan
we are records and information management consultants from millican &
associates , who have been hired by carolyn gilley , ena ' s records manager , to
formulate a fileplan for all of ena ' s business records . the approach we ' ve
taken to develop this fileplan is to perform a generic inventory of each ena
department ' s records . now , we generally meet with an executive ( usually a
vice president or director ) within each group to first explain this project
and seek permission to perform the inventory , and then to ask that executive
to designate someone within his / her area to serve as our working contact . the
contact is usually someone who is very familiar with their department ' s
record , and can be a manager or support staff .
there are a number of reasons we are working on this ena fileplan project .
enron , as i am sure you know , creates volumes of paper and electronic
records - - much of it has never been captured . many departments are keeping
records well beyond their legal retention requirements , taking up valuable
and expensive office space . the fileplan , once completed , will document what
is being created , who has responsibility for it , and how long it must be
maintained .
during our inventory we will attempt to capture both paper and electronic
records . we ' ll also try to identify any computer systems your area ( s ) use .
the inventory itself is non - invasive , in that we do not open or look into
file cabinets or desk drawers . it ' s simply an interview process where the
contact answers a few easy , simple questions .
please feel free to contact me if you have any questions . thank you .
sara bolken
x 35150