Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group
dear kevin :
dr . kaminski , stinson gibner and zimin lu will interview you at the same time
in a group interview , which will last approximately 1 hour .
if it meets with your approval , i have scheduled the telephone interview for
this friday , august 4 at 1 : 00 pm . they will call you at 713 - 630 - 0768 .
fyi . the research group is responsible for option modeling , building systems
for risk quantification and management , development of optimization systems ,
assisting with statistical analysis and anything that requires advanced math ,
for
all of enron .
if you have any other questions , please let me know .
regards ,
shirley crenshaw
administrative assistant
enron corp . research
713 - 853 - 5290
email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com
ningbo xu on 08 / 01 / 2000 11 : 30 : 44 am
to : " ' shirley crenshaw ' "
cc : " ' kevinxu 98 @ yahoo . com ' "
subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group
dear shirley ,
sorry for getting back with you until today . i have been out of town since
last friday and didn ' t have access to emails .
i appreciate the opportunities to talk with mr . kaminski , mr . gibner , and
mr . lu and look forward to their phone calls . as to the date and time , i
will be available all day this friday and any day next week . please let me
know when they will be available so that i can arrange schedule to
accommodate . i can be reached at 713 - 630 - 0768 .
also , i have a couple of questions that i hope to get your help :
1 . will the interview be a group interview or each of them will talk with me
individually ?
2 . what ' s the role of the research group at enron ?
thank you very much and look forward to hearing from you .
kevin xu
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shirley crenshaw
to : xuni @ olin . wustl . edu
sent : 7 / 28 / 00 11 : 45 am
subject : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group
good afternoon mr . xu
your resume has been forwarded to the research group with enron corp .
they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your
convenience .
please let me know your available dates and times along with the
telephone
number you may be reached at and they will call you .
the interviewers would be :
vince kaminski managing director
stinson gibner vice president
zimin lu director
look forward to hearing from you .
regards ,
shirley crenshaw
administrative coordinator
enron corp . research
713 / 853 - 5290
email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com