Subject: wharton partnership
jeff ,
i am sending you a recommendation regarding our cooperation with the wharton
school , following my visit with tom piazze in may . tom is a corporate
relations officer
at wharton .
recommendation .
i am writing to you to recommend joining the wharton partnership .
the partnership is an umbrella program established to coordinate
wharton school initiatives for industry - academic cooperation . currently ,
the partnership supports alliances with approximately 200 companies
worldwide .
the recommended annual contribution by enron is between $ 100 k - 150 k ,
that puts us in the top bracket of contributing companies , such as ge ,
citigroup ,
goldman , sachs & co . , intel , and many others . the contribution is executed
through
grants to different research projects that would directly benefit enron . the
choice
of the projects is at our discretion and can be changed over time
depending on the business needs .
benefits to enron .
enron can benefit from the partnership by :
- gaining advance access to current academic research
- significantly increasing our presence and visibility on the campus ,
enhancing our recruiting efforts
- taking our message directly to influential academics who have significant
influence on public opinion
- gaining access to high quality executive education programs
specific programs .
the partnership functions through involvement in different research projects .
i have
identified a few projects that will maximize the benefit to enron .
1 . webi ( wharton e - business initiative ) . this programs provides an umbrella
for different initiatives in the area of curriculum development , research
and
corporate engagement related to e - commerce .
main benefits : access to e - commerce research and
enhanced recruitment opportunities .
2 . emerging technologies management research program . interdisciplinary
program addressing issues facing companies in new markets : managing
intellectual
property , participating in emerging technologies , selecting the optimal
organizational structures .
benefits to enron : access to financial technology in the area of
valuation of
intangible assets and new forms of business organizations .
3 . risk management and decision process center . development of techniques for
assessment and management of non - traditional risks ( risks outside the
scope
of traditional insurance contracts and capital markets instruments ) .
benefits to enron : access to new risk management tools , dissemination
of information about our capabilities in this area .
potential users of the program at enron .
my group could coordinate the cooperation with the risk management and
decision process center .
greg whalley is a potential customer for webi . several different units of
enron can be involved
with emerging technologies management research program .
vince