Subject: united way executive solicitation
as you know , enron  , s united way executive solicitation is well under way .
august 9 th is the target date to achieve 100 % participation and finalize the
commitment from our executives and is also the date for the kickoff of the
company wide drive . we have a way to go to meet this objective . as of
august 3 rd less than 25 % of our executives have turned in their pledge .
enron  , s united way goal for the year is $ 2 . 3 million ( before the corporate
match ) . ena  , s share of this goal is $ 346 , 500 . while these are aggressive
goals , they are very doable , and if everyone contributes their fair share , we
can easily surpass these goals .
along with focusing on meeting our financial goals , i  , d like to have 100 %
participation throughout the organization . this is especially important
among our executives . we define " participation " as an employee who has
completed their pledge on - line and made a contribution , no matter what the
level .
i am a proud member of the alexis de tocqueville society , which is a
contributor of $ 10 , 000 or more and have pledged significantly more this year
than last year . enron has 39 members of this society , only 5 of which are
from ena . i would like to see this number increase significantly and if you
are able , i would like you to consider stepping up to this level . given the
fact that enron executives are highly compensated with generous options and
bonus program , i encourage each of you to at least become a member of the
" make a difference " club , which is a contribution of 1 . 2 % of your annual
salary . i would also challenge each of you to increase your pledge this
year , regardless of your level of giving last year .
with the campaign going on - line with electronic pledging , i  , ll need the
support of you and your campaigners to increase participation levels across
the ena organization and reach our financial goals . whatever your decision
regarding the level of your pledge , we need 100 % participation from our
executives in order to set a good example for the rest of ena . your
contribution to the united way will continue to make a difference in our
community . when you give , you change a life right here in our community .
please join me in setting the standard for ena by giving generously and
getting your pledges in by august 9 th .
log - in to system on netscape or explorer - - unitedway . enron . com