Subject: pjm customer load reduction pilot program approved
message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at
pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :
august 4 , 2000
norristown , pa :
the members committee of pjm interconnection , llc approved a customer load
reduction pilot program following approval last week by the federal energy
regulatory commission ( ferc ) . the program targets existing on - site generation
and load management programs at facilities such as hospitals , hotels ,
factories ,
and stores during emergency conditions . after september 30 th , the end of the
trial period for the program , the program will be evaluated to determine its
success . the evaluation will explore program improvements in order to enhance
the program as a way to address potential capacity shortfalls next summer .
related procedures for interconnecting generation under 10 mw will be discussed
through pjm ' s committee process for additional advisory input and will be
refiled for further consideration by the ferc after the stakeholder process .
the pilot program was designed through a collaborative fast - track effort of
the
pjm distributed generation user group . currently , there are 35 participants
registered for the program representing a total of 61 . 5 mw . the smallest of
these generators represents 200 kw and the largest represents 15 mw . this user
group ' s efforts are consistent with the federal energy regulatory commission ' s
recent initiative to support interim procedures to assist with the on - going
efforts to maintain a reliable electric power system during the summer months .
distributed generation benefits the system by either reducing demand or
providing additional generating resources . the pilot program is designed to
provide additional flexibility during times of peak demand . it is not meant
to
replace pjm ' s successful generation interconnection process which deals with
generation projects applying to become part of regional capacity or to
interfere
with the active load management ( " alm " ) programs that are in operation .
please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer
relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com .
to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com
containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :
unsubscribe pjm - customer - info