Subject: re : outage tracker option and background
karl ,
thanks a lot . i have passed this information to grant masson
who worked here on a related problem .
he will get in touch with you regarding this technology .
vince
karl tomlinson @ enron _ development
07 / 24 / 2000 06 : 00 pm
to : vince j kaminski @ ect
cc :
subject : outage tracker option and background
vince ,
to follow up on the idea of a means for effectively tracking instantanious
plant faliure utilising either system frequency or connection point voltage .
the system frequency phase shift across a network will probably be the best
option as this would allow alll significant deviations to be tracked along
with relative network performance from a few points .
i am currently chasing nemmco ( au system operator ) to get hold of a few weeks
of 4 second metering data for the whole system to see if there is enough
measurement consistency to prove one of the ideas .
the idea follows along the lines ( literally ! ) that when a unit fails it will
introduce a shock into the system and reduce system frequency , which is then
reacted to by frequency control services offered in by generators . the drop
in frequency is noticable across the whole network and as one option may
change the phase shift across the whole grid . the phase shift across the
network is constantly changing due to loads and power factor correctrion
devices switching on and off , however a unit failure may be distinct .
the second option relates to how a unit fails , whereby if a circuit breaker
is involved as in the case of uncontrolled shutdowns , then the outage will
cause an rf pulse that should propogate across some of the network .
transformers will attenuate the pulse , however it should be detectable many
miles away from the fault location . measure the arrival time at several point
on the network , work out the shift and backtrack on the network . part of the
solution is already proven in lightning trackers . the solution may be made
more simple by detecting the exact point on the sinewave that the unit failed
( i . e . measuring the three phases at lmhz and then sending the data through a
dsp ) . this solution is more complex , however this should allow unit failure
to be pinpointed to a station . the timing base for each of the nodes may be
sourced from gps timing , self locating at the same time !
will send you some links and documents for potentail hardware and setups .
karl .