Subject: software license
ms . geman ,
i am just following up to see if you had received my previous message
forwarded below and whether you have a response so that we can move forward
with this contract ?
thank you ,
karla feldman
- - - - - forwarded by karla feldman / hou / ect on 08 / 08 / 2000 09 : 23 am - - - - -
karla feldman
07 / 28 / 2000 01 : 41 pm
to : geman @ dauphine . fr
cc :
subject : software license
dear ms . geman ,
i met with vince kaminski yesterday regarding picking back up with the
license agreement we were working on back in march . he relayed some
additional requirements which need to be added to the agreement , which
include the following :
1 . the price agreed upon is $ 90 , 000 .
2 . d - g will provide system support .
3 . no later than 12 months of execution of the agreement , d - g will provide
the source code to enron . in the meantime , the source code is to be in
escrow . additionally , the source code would be released sooner than the 12
months if any of the following conditions occur : ( i ) d - g goes out of
business ; ( ii ) d - g is unable to provide effective technical support ; or ( iii )
if d - g agrees to release it sooner .
before i have our attorney add these things to the agreement , we need to
discuss the escrow situation . vince mentioned that you had suggested that
your attorney keep the software in escrow . is your attorney a u . s .
attorney ? it seems like i may have recalled that way back in march you might
have said you had a friend or relative that was an attorney . is that the
same person ? does this attorney work for a large firm , small firm , or solo
practitioner ? basically , if you could just provides some additional
information about your attorney , i would appreciate it .
we normally would use an escrow company to put the software in escrow . we
have dealt with a company here in the u . s . called dsi technology . i will
check into that pending your answer regarding your attorney .
once we decide what we want to do regarding placing the software in escrow ,
we will red - line the agreement to reflect such changes and e - mail it back to
you for your review .
i look forward to hearing from you .
karla feldman
enron corp .
contract administration
( 713 ) 646 - 7554