Subject: enterprise risk management conference
it appears that things are filling up fast . among the open topics listed ,
" techniques for the clarification and quantification of operational risk
within the energy industry " and " var , stress testing , and extreme value
theory within an enterprise risk management framework " seem to be the best .
we have liberty to suggest our own topic , maybe along the lines of
asset / liability management . do you have a preference ?
- kevin k .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 08 / 08 / 2000
04 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" paul bristow " on 08 / 08 / 2000 10 : 28 : 37 am
please respond to " paul bristow "
to :
cc :
subject : enterprise risk management conference
dear kevin ,
?
following our telephone conversation , please find attached a summary of
topics proposed for inclusion in the forthcoming enterprise risk management
conference . last year the event attracted over eighty delegates and more are
expected this year . the conference will be held in houston on thursday 16 th
and friday 17 th november , with a pre - conference seminar on the 15 th . as we
discussed , i would be delighted to invite enron to lead a session . i would
be happy to consider any of the available sessions or if you have a session
that you feel is currently missing from the programme , do not hesitate to
make a suggestion .
?
i have attached a file that gives an indication of the topics that have been
identified so far . although i have bullet points for the sessions i would
first like to identify interested parties and then work with them to develop
a session that reflects their particular expertise and experience . i also
think that by continuously developing the points we can make greater
allowances for continuity between each participant .
?
i look forward to speaking with you soon .
?
yours sincerely ,
?
paul bristow , senior course and conference producer , eprm
+ 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9883
- maildoc . doc