Subject: re : thank you
dear vince ,
it was our privilege to have you here .
paul ' s wife had a baby yesterday , and paul will be back on thursday . so
maybe item 3 can wait until paul ' s return .
as for ( 2 ) , yes - i will need a ps reader : o )
again , let us check paul ' s diary on his return before fixing a time for
quentin kerr
1 1 . the resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good .
i think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help
you with a phone interview .
is this simon ? ? ?
thanks
raymond
vince j kaminski @ ect
08 / 08 / 2000 06 : 30 am
to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond
yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect
subject : thank you
paul & raymond ,
it took more than a few days to catch up after i came back from australia .
there are few things i would like to bring up to your attention .
first of all , i would like to thank you for your hospitality . i learned a lot
about the australian markets and was greatly impressed with the
quality of the people at the sydney office .
1 . the resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good .
i think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help
you with a phone interview .
2 . i have received another resume that looks very promising . i am
very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over
to the states where we lack desperately technical talent .
can you help us by interviewing him in sydney ?
the main determination i need from you is whether he can
function in a company like enron . as any good academic
he sent his resume in a ps format and i shall fax you a copy in case
you don ' t have a postscript reader on your system .
3 . christian werner does some really neat things on
the weather front . i would like to determine if he can help
us to upgrade our systems . can we bring him to houston
for a week to discuss the weather forecasting technology with mike
roberts and joe hrgovcic ? i think that he could learn a lot
from mike and other weather guys here how we translate
weather info into business - related information . i shall be glad to
underwrite the cost of this trip .
vince