Subject: chairman ' s award - supervisor announcement
hello to each of you . i would like to let you know that i will be
facilitating the 2000 chairman ' s award program , a vision & values initiative
designed to recognize those employees who daily embody enron ' s values of
respect , integrity , communication and excellence . this is an annual ,
employee - driven award which encourages employees to nominate their everyday
heroes .
a critical component of the award process , and one in which ken lay has given
his full support , is the employee selection committee . this year ' s selection
committee is made up of a diverse representation from our workforce both in
the us and around the world . these individuals were chosen as last year ' s
chairman ' s roundtable and have been invited to be part of this year ' s
employee selection committee . their infallible enthusiasm for enron ' s vision
& values will support the seamless transition from recognized winners to
award decision - makers which is necessary to sustain the spirit of the award .
you are being notified because one of your employees is on this important
committee . the time commitment will be primarily during the first two weeks
of october when we will meet either in person or via video / phone
conferencing to review the nominations and select the winners .
i hope you will congratulate and support them as this is a special honor to
be asked to serve on the employee selection committee . if you have any
questions at any time , please feel free to contact me via email or phone .
warm regards ,
charla reese
713 . 853 . 5202
members of the 2000 employee selection committee :
billi aherns - omaha , ne
bobbye brown - portland , or
karen campos - houston , tx
jaiprakash desai - mumbai , india
gary douthwaite - teeside , england
donna johnson - portland , or
janis hansen - portland , or
gene lauritsen - beatrice , ne
doug mcneilly - houston , tx
kevin moore - houston , tx
mason morris - jenkintown , pa
craig sutter - houston , tx
sue tihista - mandan , nd