Subject: re : houston research opportunity : anjam
vince :
here is an explanation of what a 12 month package for anjam actually entails .
it seems to me that anjam ' s interest in getting an expat package is mostly
about money . based on the uk hr ' s read of anjam , they think he will jump .
i have a telephone conference with anjam at 11 : 00 . my stance will be 110 is
firm . we will help with the transition via a one time settlement : flat
rental issues , 500 lbs of air shipping for moving furniture , maybe one trip
back to uk a year , but no more . re : his concerns of having a place in london
should he want to return , i will say that vince would be far better at
finding a good spot for you than any hr type , so that part of the " package "
promise is not particularly important .
any guidelines for me to follow , coach ?
regards ,
grant .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 08 : 44
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tara rozen
08 / 11 / 2000 05 : 44 am
to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect
cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : houston research opportunity
grant
not sure if i told you that i work mon , wed , friday hence the delay in
responding . sorry if i forgot to tell you ! another contact name in my absence
who will be able to assist is jane allen in houston ( cc ' ed above ) .
three main reasons we try to stay away from assignments to the us for this
type / level of transfer are : 1 ) cost 2 ) equitability among other peers
3 ) difficulty in transferring employee to local package from assignment
package . however , if this is truly a 12 month assignment with no intention of
extension , we would normally do the following :
12 month assignment
london base , car allowance , and benefits and national insurance contribution
costs ( currently 12 . 2 % of all comp compared with 1 . 45 % of all comp plus 6 . 2 %
up to max of $ 76 k of employers us contribution )
housing costs in houston paid if maintaining housing in the uk ( usually up to
$ 1800 per month for single )
utility costs if maintaining a house in the uk - up to $ 100 per month
home leave - two economy trips per year is standard
transportation to / from assignment - economy class
transportation in houston - we normally give this - up to $ 40 per day for
rental car in addition to the person ' s car allowance as they normally do not
require a car in the uk and take the car allowance as a cash benefit whereas
they will require a car in houston .
shipment of goods - 500 lbs air
tax assistance
disturbance allowance - normally pay approx $ 1000
so , in terms of costs if you just compare a local us salary of manager on
$ 100 k to a local uk manager on o 68 k the us total cost is approx $ 120 k . the uk
cost is approx $ 230 k . then if you add the above costs to the assignment , you
will see an even greater increase in cost compared with the local peers , ie
approx $ 280 k compared with $ 120 k . we do have the ability to change the above
in any way as there is no set policy ; however , anjam has already brought up
other people ' s assignments and i have a feeling he will do his best to find
out what everyone else is receiving . if we make clear , though , that we are
keeping on uk payroll but not providing any assignment type allowances just
in order for him to maintain his pension contributions for the year and at
which point a decision will need to be made ( returns or moves to local us ) ,
then we may be able keep more consistency with your group while maintaining
more reasonable costs . not sure how you want to play this , though .
even if he does go on assignment rather than transfer locally , there is still
the issue of whether or not a suitable job will be here at the end of the 12
months . we will always do our best to find suitable postions but we cannot
guarantee it . if he transfers to a local us contract , enron europe ' s
responsibility of finding suitable employment is pretty much nil .
i hope this has made things clearer rather than more complicated . i honestly
feel that ajnam will absolutely not take this position if it is not on an
assignment basis . he made it pretty clear that unless he could stay on uk
payroll for 12 months , he would not transfer .
call me if you would like to discuss .
tara - x 36763
enron capital & trade resources corp .
from : grant masson 09 / 08 / 2000 20 : 48
to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : houston research opportunity
tara :
thanks for the update . it seems anjam is playing hard ball a little . my
initial reaction is to be inflexible because it is a good offer , but on
second thoughts , could you please give me an idea of what is meant by a
12 - month assignment when you have a moment ? compensation , benefits ,
responsibilities , career path implications , etc .
many thanks !
regards ,
grant .