Subject: interview & mike / christian
dear vince ,
1 .
quentin kerr ,
we will be pleased to do the initial due diligence in an interview . phil
taylor is contacting quentin and getting him down our sydney office from his
university in the next state - queensland .
2 .
re : christian ,
we will be very glad for christain to interact with houston research on " . .
the weather forecasting technology . . "
however , we are very skinny on w staff here ( like christian is our one &
only ) , and christian is doing much work for both the power & weather
business .
i was thinking that we could run with our initial idea of having mike roberts
come to sydney .
there is still time before the olympics !
will keep you posted on quentin .
regards
raymond
vince j kaminski @ ect
08 / 08 / 2000 06 : 30 am
to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond
yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect
subject : thank you
paul & raymond ,
it took more than a few days to catch up after i came back from australia .
there are few things i would like to bring up to your attention .
first of all , i would like to thank you for your hospitality . i learned a lot
about the australian markets and was greatly impressed with the
quality of the people at the sydney office .
1 . the resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good .
i think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help
you with a phone interview .
2 . i have received another resume that looks very promising . i am
very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over
to the states where we lack desperately technical talent .
can you help us by interviewing him in sydney ?
the main determination i need from you is whether he can
function in a company like enron . as any good academic
he sent his resume in a ps format and i shall fax you a copy in case
you don ' t have a postscript reader on your system .
3 . christian werner does some really neat things on
the weather front . i would like to determine if he can help
us to upgrade our systems . can we bring him to houston
for a week to discuss the weather forecasting technology with mike
roberts and joe hrgovcic ? i think that he could learn a lot
from mike and other weather guys here how we translate
weather info into business - related information . i shall be glad to
underwrite the cost of this trip .
vince