Subject: re : info help .
hi niclas ,
i am in the middle of preparing some presentations right now , so it might be
more productive to speak by phone ( 503 - 464 - 8430 ) . please leave your number ,
if you get my voicemail .
to get you started , you might see if you can get access to the ferc gads
database of plant forced and planned availability . it seems others in
research have asked about this , so you may already have this at your
disposal . the eia has a good electronic database of plant for and por
available for free ( http : / / www . nerc . com / ~ esd / ) . i know alexios in re / ees has
this . if you wanted to do it the hard way , you can also ask jaison to access
the epa ' s cems data he has summarized on a machine there in research . it
contains hourly plant operation for every unit over about 50 mw , which you
could aggregate up .
the wscc 10 - year forecast of new plant construction and loads is a good place
to start for plant construction information , but suffers from some notorious
" self - reporting " error . it is available in pdf form from the web site
http : / / www . wscc . com / . other sources that should be more near - term , but more
accurate are the cec inventory of plants ( http : / / www . energy . ca . gov / ) and the
bpa whitebook ( http : / / www . transmission . bpa . gov ) .
as far as basic economic data is concerned , you can either rely on the
reported utility forecasts for loads , or you can go to fundamental data . the
ultimate source of the census data collected by the us dept of commerce ,
which you can buy on cdrom for cheap . it would have this kind of information
by sic code , by zip code . you may also have access to one of the economic
forecasting businesses ( wharton ' s wefa , dri , etc . ) they have this in highly
digested and complete form .
btw , tim heizenrader , who runs fundamental analysis and research on the west
desk , is a sharp cookie and should have all this under control . is your
client aware of this resource ?
give me a buzz and we can talk more ,
michael
> > > niclas egmar / hou / ees @ enron 08 / 14 / 00 12 : 49 pm > > >
michael ,
i ' m an analyst in the research group . i would like your help with finding
some information specific for the west coast . a new analyst on the west power
desk needs information on planned outages and planned new generation . he is
studying the long - term fundamentals of electricity volatility on the west
coastso so he also needs info on housing starts , computer sales or industrial
production figures for computer manufacturing , growth of start - up companies ,
and population stats .
any help in finding the needed info would be greatly appreciated . contact me
or daniel kang ( new analyst ) .
niclas
- text . htm