Subject: invitation - wharton et events
mark ,
fyi .
what about going to wharton in october to attend the e - commerce conference ?
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 18 / 2000
11 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tomczyk @ wharton . upenn . edu ( michael tomczyk ) on 08 / 15 / 2000 01 : 37 : 34 pm
to : vkamins @ enron . com
cc : thomas . piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu
subject : invitation - wharton et events
vince hello ,
i just wanted to followup up on our meeting at wharton and let you know
that there are two upcoming events that you may want to attend - or
designate others from enron to attend . both of these events are good
opportunities to " test drive " the emerging technologies program and see if
there is an interest in joining our partner group .
september 8 - what next on the internet ?
our next insight - building event will be held at wharton on friday ,
september 8 and is entitled " what next on the internet ? "
this is primarily a wharton faculty event and we will be exploring 3 areas :
1 ) the new economics on the web , 2 ) internet , anywhere , and 3 )
implications for ( academic ) research and education . speakers will include
jay walker ( priceline . com ) , david farber ( chief technologist at the fcc )
and mohan sawhney ( kellog univ . , one of the nation ' s thought leaders on
e - commerce ) , along with several senior wharton faculty members .
there will be considerable discussion on how the next generation of the
internet will evolve and the implications for management and management
research . we are inviting our industry partners to join us at this event ,
and participate in the discussion , which should contain some valuable
insights and also provides an opportunity to help set our research agenda .
you are most welcome to participate , or designate a colleague , if you like .
october 19 & 20 - winners & losers in the e - commerce shakeout
this will be a major impact conference to explore the coming internet
shakeout , and apply some of the traditional shakeout measures to e - commerce
and try to determine what we can expect . it should be an intriguing day .
if you plan to attend please rsvp early since we are sure to be
" overbooked " for this event . this is probably the best showcase for our
insight - building activities , if you would like to invite any colleagues
help determine if it makes sense for enron to become a partner in the et
program .
if you ' d like to rsvp for you and any colleagues who would like to attend
one or both of the events described above , send me an email reply and i ' ll
send you a more detailed agenda and speaker description , etc .
i ' ll be on vacation the rest of this week but if you have any questions or
comments you can call or email me next week .
best regards ,
michael
michael s . tomczyk
managing director
emerging technologies management research program
1400 sh - dh / 6371
the wharton school
philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371
tel 215 - 573 - 7722
fax 215 - 573 - 2129