Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron industrial markets
we are pleased to announce the creation of a new business unit  ) enron
industrial markets  ) within our wholesale energy business . enron industrial
markets will be responsible for leading all worldwide business activities in
the paper , pulp , lumber , and steel markets , including trading , origination
and energy outsourcing activities .
enron industrial markets is being created to accelerate the growth of enron
north america  , s existing paper , pulp , & lumber business and to establish and
grow a new business in the steel market . the formation of enron industrial
markets will allow the enron north america and enron europe management to
continue to focus its efforts on the aggressive expansion of our core gas and
electricity business . as a standalone business unit , enron industrial
markets can accelerate the growth of the paper , pulp & lumber and steel
businesses into major contributor  , s to enron  , s overall growth and , working
closely with enron networks , position enron as the leader in the
transformation of these industries into new economy markets .
enron industrial markets will be headed by jeff mcmahon , president and chief
executive officer , and ray bowen , chief operating officer . they will report
to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron industrial markets . mark ,
jeff , and ray will comprise the office of the chairman for enron industrial
markets .
included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the
chairman will be the following individuals and their respective groups :
pulp , paper , & lumber origination bryan burnett
pulp , paper & lumber trading bob crane
steel trading greg hermans
transaction development rodney malcolm
enron industrial markets has established an operating group to manage the
operations of physical assets . this unit will temporarily report to the
enron industrial markets office of the chairman .
coincident with the establishment of enron industrial markets , all energy
outsourcing activities associated with industries other than paper , pulp ,
lumber and steel will be the responsibility of enron energy services .
with jeff mcmahon  , s departure from enron networks , louise kitchen will assume
the role of president and chief operating officer .
please join us in congratulating these individuals for their new roles .