Subject: re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research
rodrigo ,
i think it is churrasco ' s , a south american restaurant .
i shall make reservations for the 12 th . i shall also
arrange the meetings on tuesday with different units of the research group .
vince
rodrigo lamas
08 / 24 / 2000 01 : 59 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research
vince ,
thank you very much .
i would rather talk to your group on sep the 12 th ( tuesday ) .
i hope i will be entitled to disturb them again during the rest of the week
as well .
we can certainly go out for dinner . steven mentioned a brazilian restaurant he
went to and i am looking forward going there . this in case you are not
vegetarian .
thanks again ,
rodrigo
vince j kaminski
24 / 08 / 2000 19 : 54
to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research
rodrigo ,
we shall be very glad to meet you .
if you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the research group i
could arrange a series of meetings with different units .
what about sep the 11 th or sep the 12 th ( monday or tuesday ) ?
if you are free one evening we can have dinner together .
vince
rodrigo lamas
08 / 24 / 2000 11 : 01 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research
vince ,
i work for the market risk rac london group . i review the quantitative issues
arising from enron europe models .
i am in this function given my background ( phd from imperial college - london )
and also due to my past experience
as risk manager for a brazilian investment bank and louis dreyfus .
my agenda includes the review of a number of deals ( wessex , tpl , eastern ,
. . . ) , as well as the
review of the construction of european gas and power price curves and their
respective volatility curves .
currently i am devoting most of my time to the analysis of the uk gas market ,
its respective
price curve and term structure of volatility .
bjorn and david suggested it could be very productive if i had the chance to
meet you and your team
to discuss issues related to modelling prices and risk measurement tools .
i will be in houston from the 10 th to 15 th september . i wonder if you could
book some time for me in
your agenda and also ask some members of your team to do the same .
thanks ,
rodrigo