Subject: giuseppe ' s bio
vince ,
i will take care of the few typos , capitalizations , etc . , but i wanted to get
this to you asap . he has a fine sense of humor !
sam
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by william smith / corp / enron on 08 / 28 / 2000
12 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : giuseppe paleologo @ enron communications on 08 / 28 / 2000 12 : 11 pm
to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : re : hello !
i landed in the research group as a summer associate at the end of june ,
straight from sunny palo alto , where i am pursuing a phd in management
science and engineering . since my area of research is the performance
evaluation and economic analysis of communication networks , enron is " the "
place to be : enron broadband services has the first mover ' s advantage in this
field , and nearly every decision requires an understanding of both data
networks and financial mathematics . enron has most of the needed skills to
succeed , and the right attitude . after two months here , i am more convinced
than ever that the best is still to come .
i am from rome , italy , where i have spent most of my life ( my pre - columbian
period , properly speaking ) . italy is the nation known among americans for
having invented the pasta alfredo and for having elected a porn star as a
member of parliament . the former allegation is indeed false : pasta alfredo is
quintessential american . about the latter , one of my dubious achievement is
to have interviewed the aforementioned member of parliament about her
political agenda , receiving predictably fuzzy answers .
as many members of the research groups , my background is in physics . i fell
in love with operation research and management science while working for a
large it consulting firm in italy , and wanted to learn more . i have been a
student at stanford university since then . studying there has been a very
enjoyable experience , and i am sorry i will have to leave it sometime soon .
management science is not the only hobby in my life . i am an avid
motorcyclist , and am a lifelong student of argentine tango . i also like
reading ( a skill i learned in lst grade and has never failed me ) , in
particular 20 th century english , italian and french poetry .
william smith @ enron
08 / 11 / 00 02 : 10 pm
to : giuseppe paleologo / enron communications @ enron communications
cc :
subject : hello !
giuseppe ,
i ' m sam smith and among other things i ' m the department newsletter editor .
are you going to be leaving after today or will you be around next week ? if
you ' ll be around , i ' d love for you to write a short bio piece for the
newsletter . have a look at some recent issues for examples . if you ' ll be
here monday morning , i can get a quick photo .
if not , then i ' m sorry i missed you !
sam