Subject: re : enron / stanford program
hi vince , stinson
thank you for hosting my visit to enron and arranging for me to meet
with you and other decision - makers at enron . the meetings been very
productive on my side , as i try to formulate the project more
clearly .
we are entering the period that i have to set up the research assistantships
( ra )
for next year for giuseppe and the other student i have committed to support
on this project . school starts in late september , but already i have to
start putting together the papers for the ras in the fall , as per departmental
requirement .
would it be possible to put the project in place soon , so that i can
do the raship papers for the students ? i expect i will start having
pressure from the department to do the paperwork for these raships early
september , and i have to have them in place by the third week of september ,
just before school starts .
i am attaching below the same draft of a letter i had sent you in a previous
e - mail , which would be required to set up the project at stanford . please ,
let me know how you would like to proceed .
again , thanks for your hospitality and i look forward to productive
collaboration
during the coming year and beyond .
best regards ,
nick
ps : vince , i look forward to seeing you during your visit to the bay area
in october .
draft of letter to be sent from enron to stanford .
prof . nicholas bambos
420 terman engineering center
management science & eng . dept . and
electrical engineering department
stanford university
stanford , ca 94305
dear nick ,
we are happy to provide gift funds of $ 100 , 000 per year , over
three years , to support a program in your research group , related
to bandwidth markets / trading and networking technologies .
enron would like to support research activities in the above
mentioned area , including pd . d . student work , research seminars etc .
there may also be opportunities to have the supported ph . d . students
do summer internships at enron , related to their research interests .
please find enclosed a check of $ 100 , 000 payable to stanford university
for supporting this research effort in your group during the first year .
best regards ,
name and title