Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series
rice / enron finance seminar series participants :
we are getting ready to kick off the 2000 / 2001 enron finance seminar series
at rice university .
you can find the current schedule at http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .
note that this is a new web address .
for your convenience , here are the dates and speakers lined up so far :
sept 22 jeff pontiff , u . of washington
sept 29 len mirman , u . of virginia
oct 6 charles lee , cornell
oct 13 george allayannis , darden
oct 20 william goetzmann , yale
nov 17 yacine ait - sahalia , princeton ( joint seminar with rice economics )
mar 9 paul schultz , notre dame
apr 27 luigi zingales , u . of chicago
lined up for the spring but date not yet scheduled :
tim bollerslev , duke university
matthew richardson , new york university
as changes are made to the schedule , i will notify the distribution list .
in addition , as we have done in the past , we will post the abstract and a
downloadable version of the paper ( if available ) to the website a week or
two before the seminar . the website will also provide a link to the
speaker ' s homepage so you can access his or her biographical
information . if the paper is not available at the website , i will send a
hardcopy to interested jones school faculty , to felecia jones ( economics ) ,
latha ramchand ( university of houston ) , and vince kaminski ( enron ) .
i will e - mail an announcement before each seminar , reminding you of the
seminar date , time , and location . the distribution list will include
everyone that receives this e - mail . please contact me at ostdiek @ rice . edu
if you would like to be deleted from the mailing list or if you know of
someone who should be added ( new phd students , new faculty , etc . ) .
bbo
barbara ostdiek
assistant professor of finance
jones graduate school of management
rice university
6100 main street - ms 531
houston , tx 77005 - 1892
713 - 348 - 5384 ( voice )
713 - 348 - 5251 ( fax )
ostdiek @ rice . edu
www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ ostdiek /