Subject: you are now subscribed to the frbnyrmagl list
mon , 18 sep 2000 18 : 42 : 47
your subscription to the frbnyrmagl list ( federal reserve bank of ny
research publications ) has been accepted .
please save this message for future reference , especially if this is the
first time you are subscribing to an electronic mailing list . if you ever
need to leave the list , you will find the necessary instructions below .
perhaps more importantly , saving a copy of this message ( and of all
future subscription notices from other mailing lists ) in a special mail
folder will give you instant access to the list of mailing lists that you
are subscribed to . this may prove very useful the next time you go on
vacation and need to leave the lists temporarily so as not to fill up
your mailbox while you are away ! you should also save the " welcome
messages " from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after
subscribing to a new list .
to send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list ,
just send mail to frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . this is called
" sending mail to the list , " because you send mail to a single address and
listserv makes copies for all the people who have subscribed . this
address ( frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com ) is also called the " list
address . " you must never try to send any command to that address , as it
would be distributed to all the people who have subscribed . all commands
must be sent to the " listserv address , " listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . it
is very important to understand the difference between the two , but
fortunately it is not complicated . the listserv address is like a fax
number that connects you to a machine , whereas the list address is like a
normal voice line connecting you to a person . if you make a mistake and
dial the fax number when you wanted to talk to someone on the phone , you
will quickly realize that you used the wrong number and call again . no
harm will have been done . if on the other hand you accidentally make your
fax call someone ' s voice line , the person receiving the call will be
inconvenienced , especially if your fax then re - dials every 5 minutes . the
fact that most people will eventually connect the fax machine to the
voice line to allow the fax to go through and make the calls stop does
not mean that you should continue to send faxes to the voice number .
people would just get mad at you . it works pretty much the same way with
mailing lists , with the difference that you are calling hundreds or
thousands of people at the same time , and consequently you can expect a
lot of people to get upset if you consistently send commands to the list
address .
you may leave the list at any time by sending a " signoff frbnyrmagl "
command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can also tell listserv how
you want it to confirm the receipt of messages you send to the list . if
you do not trust the system , send a " set frbnyrmagl repro " command and
listserv will send you a copy of your own messages , so that you can see
that the message was distributed and did not get damaged on the way .
after a while you may find that this is getting annoying , especially if
your mail program does not tell you that the message is from you when it
informs you that new mail has arrived from frbnyrmagl . if you send a " set
frbnyrmagl ack norepro " command , listserv will mail you a short
acknowledgement instead , which will look different in your mailbox
directory . with most mail programs you will know immediately that this is
an acknowledgement you can read later . finally , you can turn off
acknowledgements completely with " set frbnyrmagl noack norepro " .
contributions sent to this list are automatically archived . you can get a
list of the available archive files by sending an " index frbnyrmagl "
command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can then order these files
with a " get frbnyrmagl logxxxx " command , or using listserv ' s database
search facilities . send an " info database " command for more information
on the latter .
important : this list is confidential . you should not publicly mention its
existence , or forward copies of information you have obtained from it to
third parties . please note that the " give " command is automatically
disabled for all archive files .
more information on listserv commands can be found in the listserv
reference card , which you can retrieve by sending an " info refcard "
command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com .