Subject: maac executive board files restructuring agreement
message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at
pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com :
maac executive board files restructuring agreement
september 27 , 2000
norristown , pa :
the mid - atlantic area council ( maac ) , one of the ten regional reliability
councils of the north american electric reliability councils ( nerc ) , filed a
new
agreement on september 22 regarding the governance of maac with the federal
energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) . maac ' s basic purpose is to ensure the
reliability of the interconnected bulk power system in the region . maac ' s
area
of responsibility covers the same geographical region as the control area
operated by the pjm independent system operator ( pjm iso ) , consisting of all
or
parts of the states of pennsylvania , new jersey , maryland , delaware ,
virginia ,
and the district of columbia . the maac restructuring process began years ago
and
is expected , with ferc approval , to be implemented on january 1 , 2001 .
" we are excited to be positioning the maac organization to address the needs
of
the new competitive era , thanks to the interest and participation of the
stakeholders for over two years . " stated pete landrieu , maac executive board
chair .
phillip g . harris , regional manager of maac , commented " the relationship
between
reliability and markets will be enhanced and strengthened by the maac
restructuring . we are also pleased to be making this change as effectively as
possible through the use of existing pjm organizational and other resources . "
under the filed agreement , a new maac members committee is chartered with the
creation of the approval process of the maac reliability principles and
standards . other new maac committees are chartered , most notably , a maac
energy
market committee to serve as a forum for the discussion of the impact of
reliability on the commercial market place , and the marketplace on
reliability .
the agreement also provides for stakeholder representation on the maac board .
appropriate amendments to existing pjm agreements will be discussed with the
pjm
members and filed with the ferc .
the mid - atlantic area council was established in december 1967 to augment the
reliability of the bulk electric supply systems of its members through
coordinated planning of generation and transmission facilities . the maac
region
encompasses nearly 50 , 000 square miles from virginia to new york and from the
atlantic ocean to the great lakes . under the existing maac agreement and the
operating agreement of pjm interconnection , l . l . c . , maac and pjm members are
obligated to comply with maac and nerc operating and planning principles and
standards .
please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer
relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com .
to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com
containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail :
unsubscribe pjm - customer - info