Subject: resume of mark giancola
attached is the resume of mark giancola . mark is the husband of penny pan , a
uva business school student for whom i was mentor last summer . penny has
received a permanent offer and is inclined to accept if her husband can find
suitable employment in houston . as you will see from his resume , mark has
worked as an economist in the public and private sectors for the past 2 . 5
years . mark is interested in a role where he can use his abilities to
analyze political , credit currency and related risks . please let me know if
you have any interest . thanks , rich
john : is there a place here in enroncredit . com ?
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
penny mentioned that you might have some ideas about job opportunities
in houston for someone with my background . as you know , penny was
pleased to receive an offer from enron and i plan to earnestly look into
the houston job market myself .
the weeks leading up to the annual imf / world bank meetings are one of
the busiest times of year for us , but now that they are over i have had a
chance to update my resume ( attached ) . i would be grateful if you
would take a look and pass it on to anyone you think might be interested .
as you will see , most of my background is policy related , and most
recently international economic policy . however the skills i have
developed have applicability in the private sector as well . for example , a
large part of my job at the treasury involves sovereign risk analysis .
two possible avenues i see for building on this knowledge are : 1 )
applying my knowledge to decisions regarding allocation of global
financial assets ; or 2 ) identifying risks facing a mutinational company and
developing strategies to reduce that risk .
i should mention that in addition to my economics training i do understand
basic finance , and i am preparing to begin the cfa . i should also note
that the work environment here at the treasury is quite fast paced , with
constant deadlines and a great deal of pressure placed on economists . i
tend to work 55 + hours per week so i do not expect i would need to
adjust signifiantly if i were to move to the private sector .
i greatly appreciate your taking the time to look at my resume and giving
some thought to where i might look . i welcome any comments and ideas
you might have .
thanks ,
mark giancola
p . s . the formatting on my resume seems to change whenever i e - mail it ;
let me know if you prefer that i fax it to you .
- resume 8 . doc