Subject: re : interview with the enron research group - reply
mark :
while we are anxious to fill this position , we certainly understand
scheduling
conflicts ! please let us know as soon as you have a definate time .
dr . kaminski will be out of the office the next two weeks also . maybe the
week
of the 30 th or the 6 th of november ?
look forward to hearing from you .
sincerely ,
shirley crenshaw
mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov on 10 / 13 / 2000 08 : 47 : 57 am
to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com
cc :
subject : interview with the enron research group - reply
date : 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 42 am ( friday )
from : mark giancola
to : ex . mail ( " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " )
subject : interview with the enron research group - reply
thanks for your message . our e - mail system was down all day
yesterday so i was not able to respond until today .
i am very interested in coming in for an interview . unfortunately , my
schedule will make traveling on a weekday difficult for at least the next
two weeks . i am travelling as part of the us delegation to the g - 20 on
the 24 th and 25 th and will be busy until then in preparation . immediately
following that trip i will be moving to a new office here in treasury and
am not sure about my schedule .
i would like to wait until next week when i have a better idea of my
schedule to propose times to come to houston . please let me know if
there are time constraints on your side .
thanks ,
mark giancola
> > > ex . mail . " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " 10 / 12 / 00 09 : 06 am > > >
good morning mr . giancola :
your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski , managing director and
head of research with enron .
we would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your
convenience .
this would be for a position of " economist " or " associate economist " ,
reporting to maureen raymond castaneda .
please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you
and i will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to
houston .
i look forward to hearing from you .
sincerely ,
shirley crenshaw
administrative coordinator
enron research group
713 - 853 - 5290