Subject: re : weekly international econ review
gwyn ,
i see no reason why we cannot include the article in monday ' s issue . of
course , vince will need to review it as he does for everyone ' s material . i ' m
forwarding a copy to him with this message .
regarding the software , you can just initiate a security request online and
order it . we can put issues online the old way until they set you up with
the new stuff . by the way , i ' m going to be gone thursday and friday , so when
your new issue is ready on friday , you should send it to elena . i know she
will be here at least in the morning .
sam
gwyn koepke
10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 29 am
to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron
cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : weekly international econ review
sam , this is great , thanks for taking care of that so quickly ! i will check
on the software needed and get back to you today .
also , maureen and i co - authored a paper on ppp and our thai forecast that
might be appropriate for the tech corner . i ' ve attached it below . please
advise if we can get this into the tech corner for next week .
thanks ,
gwyn
from : william smith 10 / 17 / 2000 08 : 34 am
to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : re : weekly international econ review
gwyn ,
i was successful in my efforts to put your new product on the web site ! have
a look ! i know elena may want to modify it a bit , but at least it ' s up
there . i have a couple of suggestions for your future efforts :
get adobe acrobat 4 . 0 , full version ( not just the reader ) - - - this will allow
you to publish it in final form from your desk .
do you have access to the y : drive ? it ' s a drive mapped off of o : \ research
and all of the web pages are there . let me know , and if you don ' t , as long
as you have rights to o : \ research , i can come down and map if for you .
then , all you have to do is print the new edition to pdf , then save it to the
same spot each time , and it ' s automatically online .
sam