Subject: re : prosym license
hi karolina ,
the last word i got was that grant masson was still coordinating the contract
and would be the person to talk to about getting a copy of the license . i
checked to see if i had an electronic copy somewhere , but couldn ' t find
anything . i suspect my copy was paper , and it would have been returned to
grant when i went back to portland general electric . probably didn ' t speak
to the situation in london , anyway , because the real interest in london
didn ' t arise until after i would have gotten my copy .
grant is transitioning to his new job with el paso in london , so if you have
difficulty reaching him , check with vince kaminski , or if vince is
unavailable , shriley crenshaw . shirley may know the person in enron legal or
contracts admin . who worked with grant on the henwood license .
of course , eric t . would have a copy . if you run into problems with houston ,
have eric send you a fax . ( the license is relatively short as contracts go . )
hope this helps ,
michael
> > > karolina potter / lon / ect @ enron 10 / 18 / 00 07 : 44 am > > >
michael
two weeks ago i attended hesi client symposium followed by advanced prosym
course in sacramento . during that time i had an opportunity to get to know
several people from both henwood energy services support and development
groups . one of them was eric toolson - head of client support in hesi , with
whom i discussed some issues in regards to our liaison with london based
support team . i agreed to meet up with simon crisp back in london to agree
on a form of our working relationship .
before i go to the meeting i would like to find out the following :
the text of enron ' s prosym license
what service we are entitled to based on the license
i am not sure if you are the person to ask about the above but if you could
help me by either providing the license or directing to the appropriate
person within enron it would be much appreciated .
many thanks
karolina