Subject: ameriflash newsletter
note from mark frevert
with the wide and varied activities of our three organizations , we created
this e - mail newsletter to keep everyone better informed about our various
businesses . i hope you find it informative and more importantly , that you
will use this newsletter to help spread the word about the successes in your
group .
to provide content for future e - mails , contact michelle vitrella in our
public relations group via e - mail or call her at ext . 3 - 9767 . communication
is one of the core enron values and i believe this is a great way to improve
communication across our wholesale businesses .
additionally , i would like to again encourage everyone to take a few minutes
to complete  & the pulse  8 survey . this annual survey regarding the work
experience at enron and how we can make it better is an important part of the
two - way communication process at enron . please go to the enron intranet and
type survey . enron . com . it only takes a few minutes , it  , s confidential and
your comments will help make enron a better place to work .
business highlights
natural gas
middle marketing  , s biggest trade of the year so far occurred this month . the
significant transaction was a five year , multimillion dollar restructuring
with a subsidiary of formosa plastics , one of the world  , s largest producers
of polyvinyl chloride .
additionally , continental airlines , the fifth largest us carrier , has hedged
a considerable amount ( 1 . 2 million barrels / month ) of crude oil . winter
nymex hedges were put in place for the undisputed heavyweight chip champ of
the world , frito lay .
pulp & paper
with the acquisition of garden state paper and launch of clickpaper . com ,
enron is creating an efficient spot physical market for pulp and paper
commodities . buyers and sellers will benefit from improved price
transparency and reliability and access to enron  , s online financial markets .
improved price transparency and the ability to imbed financial derivatives
into physical trading flows will facilitate the growth of enron  , s trading
business . to date , clickpaper . com has traded over 1 millions tons of pulp
and paper product with a notional value of over $ 675 million .
upstream origination
upstream origination , headed by julie gomez and jean mrha , focuses on natural
gas products to optimize commercial value associated with the natural gas
grid on the continent and in the gulf of mexico ( gom ) . through products such
as storage , electric compression and producer services & outsourcing , ena
creates value for its customers and reconfigures the natural gas
infrastructure to be more efficient . in addition , upstream origination
transactions exploit the unique relationship between development of strategic
assets through sophisticated financing structures and the utilization of the
market information created by those assets .
 & the pulse  8 survey results
as of wednesday , october 18 , the total responses to  & the pulse  8 from
ena / egm / eim are 689 . this is approximately 30 % of all employees . since our
goal is a 100 % response rate , we have a long way to go ! please take a few
minutes to log on and give enron your thoughts . the pulse is located at
survey . enron . com on the enron intranet page .
if you like competition , here are the results by group :
commercial - origination 131
energy operations 126
risk management and trading 106
other / none of the above 91
bus . analysis & rep . / fin . ops . 90
legal 46
gas assets 37
human resources 30
tax 18
technology / it 14
welcome
transferred into ena / eim / egm
ena - kathleen neal / hr , suzanne kelly / infocentral , tobias monk / finance direct
eim - eric connor / industrial energy group
egm - eric calub / global product mgmt
new hires ena / eim / egm
ena - lance cunningham / cts research , anita dupont / cts research , yvette
hales / gas logistics  ) east , angela howell / equity trading , farid mithani / power
risk - credit
egm - heather purcell / enron global markets
in the news
 & no company illustrates the transformative power of innovation more
dramatically than enron . over the past decade enron  , s commitment to the
invention  * and later domination  * of new business categories has taken it from a
$ 200 million old - economy pipeline operator to a $ 40 billion new - economy
trading powerhouse .  8
from  & the world  , s most admired companies ,  8 fortune , monday , october 2
nuggets & notes
 & what  , s the message we  , re trying to get across ?  8  ) ray bowen , coo eim
 & i  , m not a micro - manager  8 - john lavorato , coo ena
 & make it so , number one  8  ) jeff shankman , coo egm
contest
enron is  & the most innovative company  8 based on fortune magazine  , s most
admired survey . ena public relations is ready to put enron north america ,
industrial markets and global markets to the test . we need your creative
minds to help name the new electronic newsletter we now call ameriflash . put
on your thinking caps and submit your ideas for a new name to
michelle . vitrella @ enron . com . the ena public relations team will narrow the
list to the top ten and then send it to our official judge , mark frevert , to
make the final decision . the winner will receive a gift certificate to any
pappas restaurant . good luck !