Subject: re : interview with the enron research group - reply - reply
mark :
good to hear from you ! i think it is a good idea for you to talk to maureen
raymond - castaneda , enron ' s chief economist or dr . vince kaminski ,
managing director and head of research . unfortunately both are out
of the office at present . maureen will return on monday , the 23 rd and
vince will return on wednesday , the 25 th .
if you will be available for a telephone call on wednesday , the 25 th ,
please let me know when and the telephone number and i will arrange
the telephone interview .
regards ,
shirley crenshaw
713 - 853 - 5290
mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov on 10 / 20 / 2000 01 : 57 : 40 pm
to : mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com
cc :
subject : re : interview with the enron research group - reply - reply
date : 10 / 20 / 2000 02 : 54 pm ( friday )
from : mark giancola
to : ex . mail ( " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " , " mark . giancola " )
subject : re : interview with the enron research group - reply - reply
shriley :
i ' m terribly sorry it ' s taking me so long to get back to you . because i am
moving to a new office after my trip next week it is difficult to make
definite plans . looking at my schedule now i would suggest tentatively
that i could come on friday november 3 . again , i would like to reconfirm
with you after i return from montreal a week from now .
i would also be interested in having a phone conversation with someone
who can tell me in a bit more detail about enron ' s research group and this
particular position . that would be very helpful in preparing to come to
houston . please let me know if this is feasible .
thanks for your patience .
mark giancola
> > > ex . mail . " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " 10 / 13 / 00 10 : 09 am > > >
mark :
while we are anxious to fill this position , we certainly understand
scheduling
conflicts ! please let us know as soon as you have a definate time .
dr . kaminski will be out of the office the next two weeks also . maybe
the
week
of the 30 th or the 6 th of november ?
look forward to hearing from you .
sincerely ,
shirley crenshaw
mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov on 10 / 13 / 2000 08 : 47 : 57 am
to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com
cc :
subject : interview with the enron research group - reply
date : 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 42 am ( friday )
from : mark giancola
to : ex . mail ( " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " )
subject : interview with the enron research group - reply
thanks for your message . our e - mail system was down all day
yesterday so i was not able to respond until today .
i am very interested in coming in for an interview . unfortunately , my
schedule will make traveling on a weekday difficult for at least the next
two weeks . i am travelling as part of the us delegation to the g - 20 on
the 24 th and 25 th and will be busy until then in preparation . immediately
following that trip i will be moving to a new office here in treasury and
am not sure about my schedule .
i would like to wait until next week when i have a better idea of my
schedule to propose times to come to houston . please let me know if
there are time constraints on your side .
thanks ,
mark giancola
> > > ex . mail . " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " 10 / 12 / 00 09 : 06 am > > >
good morning mr . giancola :
your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski , managing director and
head of research with enron .
we would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your
convenience .
this would be for a position of " economist " or " associate economist " ,
reporting to maureen raymond castaneda .
please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you
and i will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to
houston .
i look forward to hearing from you .
sincerely ,
shirley crenshaw
administrative coordinator
enron research group
713 - 853 - 5290