Subject: in confidence / project status
hi vince
i ' d originally been told you wouldn ' t be back until wednesday , and so have
another meeting booked for 4 : 30 pm ( london time ) today . i really need to
speak with you about the situation here in london re anjam . to be blunt ,
sharad , kirstee and i have all been tempted to just walk out of the office
until anjam is removed . the major problems are :
1 . i have no authority to demand anjam should cooperate with sharad , kirstee
etc . on their work . he does his best to impede their work , and i have no
ability to access his drives for data / spreadsheets .
2 . anjam removes me from the cc lists in reply to all emails received by him ,
in an attempt to remove me from the loop .
3 . anjam continues to " do business " , and people in london still think he ' s
head of research .
4 . pending your " announcement " , people will continue to go to anjam , and the
business will remain dependent on him .
5 . we ' re severely under - resourced . i ' m still awaiting your review of the
email i drafted for john s , requesting additional resource . i can ' t make a
big recruitment drive until i have the authority to hire more .
i honestly feel i can ' t do my job , and i ' m currently asking myself what i ' m
even doing here .
notwithstanding the above , here is the current picture with our projects :
steve
1 . initiated new pre - trade system for oil trading desk . hooked up relevant
it resource with business people , keeping an overall eye on making sure the
business reqts get translated into it - speak .
2 . enron direct demand forecasting system review .
3 . initiated global supply / demand database with coal group .
4 . constant firefighting across all desks .
ben
1 . work on regression - based placement model .
2 . general review of enroncredit . com ' s quant models .
matthew
1 . ongoing work with engoal .
2 . produced first prototype of gas capacity charge optimisation tool for
continental gas desk . need to purchase local copy of cplex .
kirstee
1 . diverted from richard lewis ' s request for the uk gas / power vol curves to
be sorted out , onto eastern virtual power station restructuring project .
involves extension runs of credit reserve model , and now it seems the model
needs to be extended .
2 . constant var firefighting .
slava
1 . finished all regressions and model identification for uk gas and power
demand forecasting . we are now ready to start it implementation .
2 . enron direct demand forecasting system review .
sharad
1 . exotica support / firefighting , made nearly impossible by anjam .
2 . option on strip of metals futures for enron metal .
i do hope we get a chance to speak and resolve some of these issues . i ' m
really not happy at present .
best regards ,
steve