Subject: matthew patteson , inventor
cindy ,
this is our preliminary review of the documentation sent by mr . patteson .
one more person will take a look at it .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 25 / 2000
03 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
stinson gibner
10 / 25 / 2000 01 : 16 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron
subject : matthew patteson , inventor
vince ,
after reviewing the documents furnished by mr . patteson , i do not feel that
enron should consider engaging in any testing , development , or licensing of
his proposed generator for the following reasons :
1 . enron is not currently in the business of developing or manufacturing
electrical generation equipment and does not plan , as far as i know , to enter
this business . the one exception is our ownership in entities developing
wind and solar , renewable energy .
2 . enron does not have the proper facilities or expertise to test or develop
mr . pattesons proposed generator .
3 . there could be substantial risk in testing this generator as it would
involve boiling of a flammable material under pressure .
4 . i do not believe that the proposed generator will produce any significant
quantity of electrical power . the generator produces power by induction .
that is , electric current is induced by a changing magnetic field . the
mechanism powering the changing magnetic field is the movement of magnetic
dipoles which are suspended in a boiling medium . as the boiling will
produce a somewhat random movement of the liquid , the " movement " or change in
the magnetic field will be highly random and thus not suitable for producing
a steady or reliable electrical current .
i have asked martin lin to also review the documents to render an independent
opinion of this proposal .
respectfully ,
dr . stinson gibner
phd . physics
vp research , enron north america
p . s . kevin and zimin : if you have any interest in reviewing mr . patteson ' s
proposal , please let me know .