Subject: super saturday changes - update
i am sure that all of you have seen the notice sent this morning from
charlene jackson , managing director of the associate and analyst program . i
wanted to follow up with a note to all campus team mds and it team members to
clarify any confusion surrounding super saturdays and technologist recruiting
for the global technology track . although the global technology track is
part of the analyst and associate program - we will not be participating in
the super saturday events listed below . technologist candidates will be
brought into the office for a friday office visit .
super saturdays were first initiated for commercial analyst and associate
recruiting because many enron representatives were not able to leave their
desks while the market was open during the workday . bringing candidates in
during the weekend works well in this situation because enron representatives
can fully participate in the office visit and candidates can still see the
office .
however , many technology vps have suggested that seeing enron " alive and in
action " during the week would be a high selling point for technologist
candidates . therefore , we have opted to have technology office visits on
fridays . the first three office visits are listed below :
november 10 th
december lst
january 19 th
we will be sending out more detailed information on how you can become more
involved with technology office visits . i apologize for any confusion .
please feel free to contact me with any questions or comments . 3 - 3589 .
thanks ,
ashley
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ashley baxter / corp / enron on 10 / 25 / 2000
08 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : charlene jackson 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 20 pm
sent by : enron announcements
to : all enron employees north america
cc :
subject : super saturday changes
the recruiting season has officially begun . the first super saturday weekend
is the weekend of october 27 th and 28 th . we have undergone a rigorous
interview process on campus , which will allow us to focus on  however , we are still in need of interviewers for each
of the super saturdays . please respond with your willingness to interview
at : http : / / axis . enron . com / notice / ssinvite . asp
( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who
attend the schools for which you are a team member ) .
we thank you in advance for your participation and support of the program .