Subject: message from john martin
- - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 06 : 32 am - - - - -
" john martin "
10 / 25 / 2000 06 : 58 pm
to :
cc :
subject : re : enron case study
cindy ,
great to hear from you and i look forward to getting our interviews done . i
am answering this from a hotel in seattle so i don ' t have questions for you
at this time but can get them together for you . i will contact vince next
week and get a set of questions together for each of the three individuals
you mentioned . i will have to talk to vince about others who would be of
interest to interview . i really appreciate your help in getting this
together and i ' ll work hard to get everything together for you next week . i
don ' t have vince ' s e - mail address with me here so i would appreciate your
forwarding this message on to him for me .
thanks again ,
john
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com [ mailto : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , october 25 , 2000 11 : 23 am
to : j _ martin @ baylor . edu
cc : christie . patrick @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
subject : enron case study
importance : high
good morning mr . martin ,
i would like to introduce myself . i currently work with christie patrick
and michael b rosen in the enron university affairs department .
in recent discussions with christie , she has suggested that i liaise with
you and our management in preparation for your and vince kaminski ' s case
study . christie has forwarded recent emails sent by you suggesting a few
convenient times that work with your schedule . i will work with our
management and do my best to schedule one hour time slots for interviews
that fit with your outline .
initially , i will schedule interviews with : ken lay - chairman and ceo ,
jeff skilling - president and coo , and andy fastow - cfo . if you feel that
you may need to speak with additional management , we will definitely try to
work something out the same day , so you don ' t have to travel back here . i
will forward your project outline to the aforementioned participants once
the interviews are scheduled . do you anticipate drafting specific
questions ? if so , i would greatly appreciate a copy when convenient .
i greatly look forward to working with you and i hope that we can touch
base very soon .
regards ,
cindy derecskey
enron university affairs
( 713 ) 853 - 5670