Subject: re : further actions on anjam ' s departure
anjam has told me he is not going to an energy competitor ( he mentioned
weather derivatives as a the only overlap . i therefore see this as low risk
from a security point of view , so let ' s make sure handover is thorough . you
might focus our security efforts on his access to weather - related info .
richard
steven leppard
26 / 10 / 2000 17 : 06
to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , richard
lewis / lon / ect @ ect
subject : further actions on anjam ' s departure
hi mel
further to our earlier discussions here ' s the full list of actions we ' d like
to put into place regarding anjam ' s departure :
hr - type stuff :
1 . get anjam off the trading floor as soon as possible . there is no need for
him to remain on the floor . this will need to be delayed until it number 1
is completed ( cataloguing his work ) .
2 . determine where anjam is heading . we need to know who is going to know
our positions and curves next .
3 . remove his security pass , and insist that he is always accompanied when in
the building . sharad is to sit with him while he catalogues his work .
it - type stuff :
1 . ask him to catalogue the contents of his h : drive , since the rest of the
group will need to support his work in the future . this should take no more
than a day or two .
2 . get it to obtain their backups of anjam ' s h : drive for weekly intervals
over the last two months . this will allow us to determine what he has
deleted .
3 . get it to provide a snapshot of anjam ' s notes folders , and provide records
of mail sent out to the internet over the last couple of months . i ' m worried
about code / data he may have zipped up and mailed out .
4 . ask it to use a utility program to determine what has been deleted from
anjam ' s c : drives . there may be useful info here too .
5 . revoke all internet access , whether via explorer or notes mail .
6 . get a record of all files he has printed over the last couple of months .
vince has ok ' d this lot , so let ' s do it asap .
many thanks ,
steve