Subject: reactions november is now live on - line
reactions
the latest edition of the financial magazine for the global insurance market
is now live at http : / / www . reactionsnet . com
?
?
you can contact us for help at mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com or + 44 ( 0 ) 20
7779 8006 . ? the november issue of the world ' s leading insurance and
reinsurance magazine is packed full of news , views and figures ; simply hit
the links at the bottom of each item to see the full article .
the november features
race - based underwriting : haunted by a racist past
the discovery of continued race - based underwriting in the us will cost life
insurers involved millions of dollars and do untold damage to their
reputations - as well as severely embarrassing state regulators
integrated risk management : we can work it out
the new actuaries reckon they can measure abstruse business risks - and then
integrate them with known risks . ? but is there madness in their method ?
mga business : the need for continuity
capital adequacy : that capital question
a . m . best ' s top 100 buyers and sellers in the us : a time of change
buyers - the 20 biggest risers and fallers ?
sellers - the 20 biggest risers and fallers
the fall of reliance : errant insurer ' s battle for survival
in the spotlight : harry rhulen
for more information about the sponsors of www . reactionsnet . com , please visit
their official websites at :
renaissance re holdings ltd - http : / / www . renre . com /
ipc re ltd - http : / / www . ipcre . bm /
gerling global financial products - http : / / www . ggfp . com /
e - insuring your business
the park lane hotel , london january 26 , 2001
a one - day management symposium discussing insurance , the internet and your
business .
join mis training and reactions for a day of discussions , insight and
knowledge transfer
e - insurance and why you need it to protect your business
the legal realities and responsibilities you need to know about
managing the risks and devising successful risk policies
live demonstration
for further information please contact daniel carney or alex johnson at mis
training on 020 7779 7217 / 8097 .
* plus ! * ? industry publications - read the executive summaries and order
online !
rbi & reactions insurance management reports :
diversification of european insurance and financial services
trends in global commercial insurance - the impact of art
risk management - new challenges and new solutions
opportunities in latin american insurance
the outlook for european teleinsurance
outlook for insurance in germany
uk einvestments
reinsurance 4 th edition - industry - standard textbook
@ risk - internet and e - commerce insurance and reinsurance legal issues
e - nsurance - insurance and the internet revolution
http : / / www . reactionsnet . com
to advertise or link your company website to this industry circular please
contact nick lipinski
tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8199 or e - mail mailto : nlipinski @ euromoneyplc . com
if you have any problems logging onto or using ? www . reactionsnet . com please
call our dedicated help desk
+ 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or email mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com