Subject: wharton program for business journalists
hi greg !
here is the information regarding the dec 13 th event at wharton . wharton is
beside itself with excitement at your acceptance , and communicated that with
jeff skilling at his visit there this past thursday .
they ' re also very interested in discussing their webi program with you and
would like to arrange to do that the day of your evening presentation , or
perhaps the following day , whichever suits your schedule . this was also
discussed with jeff skilling - - he is clearly interested in the program , but
will be especially looking to your input , along with that of vince kaminski ,
jeff shankman and me , in determining enron ' s decision to participate . as i
mentioned previously , vince , jeff and i think enron ' s involcvement with webi
holds very positive potential . financially , it involves a contribution of
$ 250 , 000 for 4 years .
please see the request for your " bio " and desired inclusion of program
materials , as well as the contact at wharton , toward the end of the message
below .
let me know by email or voice mail ( 3 - 6117 ) how university affairs can
further these efforts .
thanks !
- - christie .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 04 / 2000
10 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" baltes , michael " on 11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 29 : 05 pm
to : " ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' "
cc : " piazze , thomas " , " spigonardo , joanne "
subject : wharton program for business journalists
christie ,
we are delighted that greg whalley , ceo of enron bandwidth business , has
agreed to be our featured dinner speaker at the upcoming wharton seminars for
business journalists on wednesday , december 13 , 2000 .
per instructions from tom piazze , i ' ve attached some information regarding
our seminars for business journalists , now in its 32 nd year
http : / / www . wharton . upenn . edu / media / journalists / . as i ' d mentioned in our
conversation a few weeks ago , we have a leader from business or government
speak each year at our sponsor ' s dinner , which is attended by all of the
business journalists ( about 50 ) and representatives from our corporate
sponsors ( lists attached below ) . our last 3 speakers were mark walsh ,
chairman of vertical net ; jason olim , ceo of cdnow ; and tom siebel , ceo of
siebel systems .
about 80 - 90 people are expected to attend this year ' s event . cocktails ,
dinner and mr . whalley ' s presentation will be held on wednesday , dec . 13 ,
from 6 : 00 to 9 p . m . in wharton ' s steinberg conference center , 38 th & spruce
streets , on the university of pennsylvania campus .
as tom may have mentioned , this audience likes to hear about interesting
industry trends , or something companies are doing that is leading edge , and
hasn ' t really hit the mainstream . past experience has shown that " canned "
corporate presentations do not go over so well with this group . however , you
are certainly welcome to provide literature to the audience or other
materials that may be appropriate . i would like to have a conversation with
you about your thoughts on a specific topic as we get closer to the event .
in the meantime , we would like to have mr . whalley ' s bio and any other
information you ' d like us to include in the course materials for the
journalists . please try to keep this to about 2 - 3 pages , given all of the
other material they ' ll have in their binders .
you may contact me or my colleague , joanne spigonardo , with any questions .
joanne is handling the logistics for the event , so please direct those types
of questions directly to her . she ' s at 215573 - 8599 .
thanks again , and i hope you can join us on the 13 th .
best regards ,
mike
> >
- pub & namelistbjs 200 . doc
- final sponsor list . doc