Subject: interviewing for the associate and analyst programs
the off - cycle department of the associate and analyst program is looking for
volunteer interviewers for the following dates :
thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m
thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m .
thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m .
over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates
will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as
princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of
illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews .
pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and
attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to
further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning .
also there will be continental breakfast at from 7 : 45 a . m . to 8 : 45 a . m . ( for
all three dates ) and a luncheon from 12 : 30 p . m . - 2 : 00 p . m . ( on nov . 9 and
nov . 16 th ) , the lunch will be at 1 : 30 for the dec . 7 th . interviewers are
welcome to attend both the breakfast and the lunch on their interviewing
date . the interviewing , breakfast and lunch will take place at the
doubletree hotel downtown .
we are asking enron employees associate ( associates who have been with the
program for at least one year ) level or higher to volunteer at least one
hour to interview candidates ( this will be 2 interviews ) . if you can
volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the stated
dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact my
assistant , cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible ,
if you can volunteer any time for interviewing .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me .
once again , thanks ,
althea
althea p . gordon , jd
recruiter
associate & analyst programs