Subject: re : seeking opportunity in computational finance
dear vince :
thanks for your response .
i am not a programmer , nor a " quant " . i am an expert in excel and otherwise
have advanced skills in the remaining msoffice suite . beyond that i have
extensive experience working with research and computer progamming personnel
on projects from networks to databases , and in particular , automation .
for instance , the first generation of the risk analytics system that i
designed for quantlab was done in excel . in subsequent generations of the
system , excel served only as the gui - given its extreme flexibility - and a
sql database operated underneath ( compaq servers , raid array ) , integrating
real - time operations for all components of the system .
the research team at quantlab used many leading edge modelling
methodologies , such as genetic algorithms , neural networks , principal
component analysis , kernel density estimation , fast kernel regression ,
hidden markov modelling and many other pattern recognition , walk - forward
back testing , and other simulation techniques .
i was the sole individual on a team of 17 that had any practical trading
experience , and therefore , felt that i played a critical role in the
application and implementation of each of the system components from data
mining to research to signal generation to execution . beyond that , i was
uniquely qualified to articulate the project ' s mission to investors , and
therefore , was highly successful in spearheading support - financial and
otherwise - from our network .
althought i did not ask specifically , i surmise from your question that you
are leading a research effort . i believe that my skill set is best served
as a liaison between research and trading , since i speak both languages . i
believe that i possess great vision and enthusiasim that could be leveraged
in a group , project or product management role to integrate and streamline
diverse systems and processes ; a common scenario in most proprietary
development settings today .
in closing , i would like to learn more about enron and the financial
technology effort therein through further discussion with you , or if that is
not appropriate , someone to whom you would be comfortable referring me .
i look forward to your thoughts .
best regards ,
paul
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]
sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 4 : 30 pm
to : epr @ pipeline . com
subject : re : seeking opportunity in computational finance
paul ,
can you give me more information about your computer skills ?
my group is very hands - on oriented and computer programming is a critical
skill .
vince
" paul rowady " on 11 / 14 / 2000 04 : 09 : 43 pm
to : " vince kaminski "
cc :
subject : seeking opportunity in computational finance
dear vince :
in following up on my voicemail message today , i attach my resume below for
your review and consideration .
it ' s ironic that you called while i was putting the message together . i
will keep it short and look forward to speaking to you at your convenience .
best regards ,
paul
e . paul rowady , jr .
2300 west alabama , suite 69
houston , texas 77098
713 - 807 - 8624 home / fax
713 - 539 - 4541 mobile
epr @ pipeline . com
( see attached file : paul rowady 2 . doc )