Subject: ameriflash newsletter
business highlights
coal trading
the liquidity in trading of the standard european coal agreement has
increased significantly over the last 6 weeks . many counterparties that
previously opted to stay on the sidelines finally chose to join the game .
since the contract ' s inception at the beginning of the year , enron has traded
a total of 5 . 3 million tons against the seca contract , of which 3 . 8 million
tons has been traded via enrononline since july 2000 . we are 5 . 3 million
tons of a total traded market of 5 . 8 million tons .
principal investments
tridium inc . , the leading provider of internet - based automation
infrastructure solutions , announced the close of a $ 20 million round of
capital funding . the funds will be used to increase tridium  , s sales and
technical support offices in north america , expand its operations into europe
and asia , and enhance its technology and products . kroad ventures , l . p . and
enron north america each contributed $ 10 million in venture capital .
corporate development
allegheny energy supply company , llc , a wholly owned subsidiary of allegheny
energy , inc . , announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which
allegheny energy supply will purchase three enron natural gas - fired merchant
generating facilities . the acquisition is expected to close in the 2 nd
quarter of 2001 .
performance review
the deadline to provide feedback is friday , november 17 . if you have been
selected to provide feedback on one of your fellow employees , please take the
time to fill out an evaluation online at www . pep . enron . com .
in the news
" enron corp . , already north america ' s biggest , buyer and seller of natural
gas and electric power is dead serious about its efforts to capture a big
slice of the $ 400 billion global trade in pulp , paper and lumber . "
- reuters news service
2000 chairman  , s award nominees
please join us in congratulating the ena / eim / egm / employees who have been
recognized as chairman  , s award nominees .
congratulations to :
irma alvarez alan aronowitz rick bergseiker carol coats joya davis
rufino durante
sue foust julie gomez barbara gray jackie griffith john harrison gerri
irvine
kathy benedict michael kelley mike mcconnell dave nommensen ina norman
juan padron
veronica parra michael roberts rhonda robinson kevin sweeney helen
taylor stacey white
extra kudos to barbara gray , who is a finalist for the 2000 chairman  , s
award . barbara and ten other individuals are flying to san antonio from
around the world to be honored at enron  , s annual management conference . one
of these finalists will be recognized as the 2000 chairman  , s award winner .
welcome
new hires ena / eim / egm
ena  ) anil chandy , alejandra chavez
egm  ) marty cates , joanne underwood , brad miller
transfers to ena / eim / egm
ena  ) mark wadlington , jennifer blay - smith , georgian landau , kathryn bussell ,
john coleman , steven gillespie , clarissa garcia , ina rangel , farouk lalji ,
eva rainer , chuchu wang , smith day
egm  ) gloria solis , carmella jones , nancy haralson
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed outside of enron .