Subject: speech by chairman pat wood of puct - ctaee meeting - nov . 29 , 2000
dear colleague :
we are honored to have chairman pat wood of the public utility commission of
texas as the distinguish speaker for the meeting of the central texas chapter
of the united states association for energy economics . chairman wood is the
main architect of electric industry restructuring in texas and this meeting
offers a unique opportunity to hear his speech entitled :
" texas ' future competitive electric industry "
please mark your calendars and join us on wednesday , november 29 at 5 : 00 pm
at the lower colorado river authority ' s board room , located at 3700 lake
austin blvd ( hancock building ) , austin , texas . the meeting will open with
refreshments and chairman wood ' s presentation will begin at 5 : 30 pm . the
meeting is open to the public and is free . we extend a special invitation to
all members of the usaee that reside in the central texas area . please plan
to meet david deangelo , president of usaee , who we are fortunate to have as
our special guest . david will be happy to answer any questions you have about
the iaee and usaee .
about the ctaee
the central texas association for energy economics ( ctaee ) focuses on current
energy events and research at the state , national , and international level .
it is an excellent forum to meet , network , and exchange ideas in the regional
energy community . local programs will be held six to eight times a year .
the ctaee is a local chapter of an international association known as the
international association for energy economics ( iaee ) . ctaee is a non - profit
organization and is a totally non - partisan forum for stimulating discussion
and dialogue on major energy policy and analysis issues . to provide
exceptional meeting topics and dialogue we need your local membership . your
participation in ctaee can bring new ideas to help promote effective energy
policy .
about the iaee and usaee
the international association for energy economics ( iaee ) , founded in 1977 ,
provides a forum for the exchange of ideas , experience and issues among
professionals interested in energy economics . its scope is worldwide , as are
its members , who come from diverse backgrounds - - corporate , academic ,
scientific , and government . the united states association for energy
economics ( usaee ) is an affiliate of the international association for energy
economics . as a member of iaee you will gain a broader understanding of
energy economics , policymaking and theory . members are kept well informed by
iaee and usaee publications and conferences on events within the energy
industry and energy challenges that lie ahead . furthermore , membership
provides you with the opportunity to network within the largest association
of energy professionals in the world .
mina m . dioun , ph . d . neil
mcandrews karl j . nalepa
ctaee president ctaee vice president
ctaee treasurer
( 512 ) 473 - 3333 x - 2549 ( 512 )
415 - 3227 ( 512 ) 463 - 8574
mdioun @ lcra . org nmcandrew @ austin . rr . com
karl . nalepa @ rrc . state . tx . us
- ctaee - meeting . doc