Subject: mba career opportunity
dear ? vincent kaminski :
?
i got your contact details from the web site for power marketers . i have a
strong interest in pursuing a career in the energy industry ? with a top
energy company like ? enron , where my abilities and qualifications can be
fully applied for our mutual benefit .
i am graduating in may with an mba ? degree with concentrations in finance and
information systems . this summer i worked ? as an intern with structuring and
analytics group of ameren energy . ? this internship ? has been especially
challenging and has enhanced my professional competencies . while there , i
was afforded the opportunity to ? develop a forward view model ? for ? off -
peak ? electricity price forecasting and analyze the data sets of a
fundamental ? model to create forward price curves . both projects added value
to the company and provided me with first - hand experience in the area of
energy trading and marketing as well as modeling techniques .
in addition , i have an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering and
two years ' experience in power generating . with my work experience in energy
finance and exceptional academic and professional achievements , along with
my exemplary leadership and management potential and outstanding analytical ,
business communication , problem - solving and computer skills , i ' m convinced
that i will be able to make immediate contributions to your company .
i am attaching my resume for your review . should you have any questions or
need clarification , please feel free to contact me at ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 or
qchenl @ tulane . edu .
as i have some offers with deadlines approaching , i would appreciate it if
you could give me a quick response . i also expect ? a base compensation above
$ 75 k . i look forward to ? hearing from you soon .
?
best regards ,
qing ( christine ) chen
mba 2001
a . b . freeman school of business
tulane university
tel : ( 504 ) 861 - 9110
- resumeus . doc
- resumeus txt . txt