Subject: phone interview
shirley ,
please , arrange a phone interview next week . tt , sg , zl , vk .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000
08 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nina knirel on 11 / 20 / 2000 05 : 13 : 47 pm
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject :
708 graham place # 207
austin , tx 78705
november 20 , 2000
dear mr . kaminski :
i read with interest your company  , s description on the
web page . i was highly impressed by the work that
enron corporation does and would like to inquire about
employment opportunities with your company .
enclosed is a copy of my resume that details my
academic qualifications and practical experience . i am
excited about stepping into a position , which will
utilize my technical , analytical , and interpersonal
skills in a fast paced environment , and look forward
to expanding my horizons with new challenges and
opportunities that enron corporation will offer . i
know from customer and supervisor feedback that i have
the interpersonal skills imperative to building a
successful career at the enron corporation and am
motivated to do so . your firm has an excellent
reputation and i genuinely look forward to becoming a
part of the enron corporation community .
i know you must be busy during this time of the year ,
but i would sincerely appreciate a few minutes of your
time . i plan to call you within the next seven days to
discuss how my education , practical skills , and
background would qualify me as a member of your
company . in the meantime , if you need to contact me ,
my daytime and nighttime number is ( 512 ) 474 - 6683 and
my e - mail address is knirel @ mail . utexas . edu .
thank you very much for your time and consideration . i
look forward to talking to you .
sincerely ,
nina knirel
do you yahoo ! ?
yahoo ! calendar - get organized for the holidays !
http : / / calendar . yahoo . com /
- knirel resume final [ 1 ] . doc