Subject: operational risk iconference
" the person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and
dare . the sure - thing boat never gets far from shore . " - - dale carnegie
erisk is pleased to announce an iconference on
practical methodologies for operational risk management
keynote speaker : tony peccia , vice president of operational risk at cibc
followed by a panel discussion , which will include the following
distinguished panelists :
marcelo cruz , director of operational risk at ubs ag
tony peccia , vice president of operational risk at cibc
karim rajwani , senior manager of operational risk at royal bank of canada
when : thursday , december 14 at 12 noon est / 5 p . m . london time .
topics to be covered : the battle between " quantitative " and " qualitative "
approaches , measuring the success of operational risk management , applying
large institution methodologies to smaller institutions , and much more .
recommended background reading :
the operational risk piece in our risk jigsaw
you will need to log in to be able to click through to this tutorial , which
features insights from " expert witnesses " ( including panelist marcelo cruz ) ,
the 12 steps of the operational risk management process , and links to
additional resources .
registration : this conference is totally free , and you can participate by
using any computer with internet access and a telephone .
you will need to register for this conference in advance by clicking here
if you have any questions regarding our iconferences , please send email to
iconferences @ erisk . com
see you at the iconference !
your friends at erisk . com ( formerly erisks . com )
p . s . the archived slides , polling results , and real - time replays of our
previous iconferences , including our last iconference on compensation for
risk managers , can be accessed here free of charge .
your email : [ vkamins @ enron . com ] is in our erisks . com mailing list . if you
wish to unsubscribe from future mailings , please forward this message
to : unsub _ opriskl @ email . erisks . com to subscribe , please forward this message
to sub _ opriskl @ email . erisks . com [ image ]