Subject: re : greetings from baylor university
jim ,
sorry for the delay in responding to your message . i was traveling
extensively
and was overwhelmed with many different projects .
i shall be glad to speak at the gamma iota sigma dinner . unfortunately , i
cannot make
a presentation to your class ( it would require leaving the office for two
days in a row ) .
i can , however , promise to come on another day and speak to your students .
i hope everything is going well for you . by the way , your former student ,
shane green , has joined us
for 12 month and is doing exceptionally well .
vince
jim garven on 11 / 28 / 2000 05 : 10 : 55 pm
to : " vince j kaminski "
cc :
subject : greetings from baylor university
dear vince ,
since we last corresponded , i have left lsu and am now professor of finance &
insurance at baylor university in waco , tx . ? my colleague at baylor , john
martin , mentioned that you will be coming to campus for a conference on
friday , february 23 that he is organizing . ? ? i am curious whether your
schedule might permit staying over that evening so that we can feature you as
our dinner speaker for the chartering ceremony of gamma iota sigma , a
national risk management fraternity . ? for that matter , would you also
possibly be available to make any presentations to undergraduate and graduate
students on the previous day ( thursday , february 22 ) ? ? what i have in mind is
a presentation similar to the presentations you made last spring to my lsu
classes . ?
thank you for your consideration of this request . ? i am looking forward to
seeing you once again .
sincerely ,
jim garven
james r . garven , ph . d .
professor of finance & insurance
department of finance , insurance and real estate
hankamer school of business
hsb 336
baylor university
box 98004
waco , tx ? 76798
voice : ( 254 ) 710 - 6207
fax : ( 603 ) 994 - 6680
e - mail : ? james _ garven @ baylor . edu
home page : http : / / garven . baylor . edu
vita : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / dossier . html
research paper archive : http : / / garven . baylor . edu / research . html
