Subject: re : working with enron on catastrophic risk
howard ,
thanks for the message and the paper .
we shall hold an internal follow - up meeting next monday to
review potential projects on which we could cooperate in
the future .
vasant and i will contact you to discuss our recommendations
regarding the future research agenda .
vince
" kunreuther , howard " on 12 / 14 / 2000 10 : 07 : 11 am
to : " bouillion ( e - mail ) " , " carrick ( e - mail ) "
, " hoog ( e - mail ) " , " kaminski
( e - mail ) " , " vasant ( e - mail ) "
cc : " doherty , neil a " , " kleindorfer , paul "
, " thomas , louis a "
, " weigelt , keith w "
subject : working with enron on catastrophic risk
dear vince , jim , george , david and vasant :
neil doherty , paul kleindorfer and i very much enjoyed our discussion last
wednesday at wharton with you on future joint research with enron over the
coming year . in particular , we see the whole area of capital management and
catastrophic risk as a fruitful area for foint collaboration . i am sharing
this message with louis thomas and keith weigelt who direct the fap mba
program in the hopes that we can find a team to work with us on these issues
next semester .
attached is a revised version of our paper on " evaluating risk bearing ,
mitigation and risk transfer using exceedance probability curves : project
update " . we would greatly appreciate you and your colleagues looking at the
section on " cat bonds covering multiple risks " ( pp . 15 - 19 ) to see whether our
example and conclusions make sense to you . we look forward to working with
your team at enron regarding ways that we can build on these preliminary
findings to make cat bonds for weather risks more attractive .
best wishes for the holiday .
regards ,
howard
howard kunreuther
cecilia yen koo professor of decisions sciences and public policy
chairperson operations and information management department
1326 steinberg hall - dietrich hall
wharton school
university of pennsylvania
philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6366
phone : 215 - 898 - 4589
fax : 215 - 573 - 2130
email : kunreuth @ wharton . upenn . edu
- epcurvepaper - final - dl 0 . doc