Subject: just fyi
vince ,
please see below some of the ideas being bounced , fyi . please keep this
confidential .
the unused capacity in maharashtra should be dispatched on a merchant basis ,
on behalf of mseb to any customers outside mseb ' s current purview . i would
like us to look at the whole issue as one of mseb ' s poor credit , and hence (
as jeff pointed out on the call ) , one where we need to identify all deep
pockets in and out of maharashtra .
secondly , there is ( as shubh and i had pointed out ) the ability to evacuate
about 700 - 1000 mw to customers other than mseb . the challege is - at what
price , and in coordination with which agencies . as always , in india your
greatest challenge will be in dealing with govt . agencies .
another point to consider is that in - all we have about 5 - 7 customers
identified . will all the customers we have earmarked bite ? ? ? this is the
reason why systems need to be set up with a bulletin board on pricing 10 - 15
day power on the screens of the different sebs we can connect up with . this
also substantially gets around the credit quality issue , as this would be an
arrangement akin to cash - and - carry . i see a lot of hope for such a
strategy . i do not see much hope for a strategy of selling blocks of power
to either ntpc or ptc . i would agree however , that we not put all our eggs
in one basket , and hence you could designate a team to look into the ntpc
sale issue inparallel .
in order to set up the trading sytems , however , we need to start by the end
of ql 2001 , and just start doing small deals where we break even , simply to
test the waters and introduce liquidity into the market .
hand - in - hand with this we need a fuel risk management strategy , as i have
been pushing for . for this to happen , we need to get the special import
licence reinstated . if that is not possible , we need to lobby with the
highest authorities within govt . and rbi to allow for hedging , irrespective
of whether we have an sil . the discussions being held with ioc are therefore
very important in this regard , and i am going to get anshuman and mukesh
involved with the same .
finally , i do not see much hope for your strategy of asking ene management
for $ 75 million to build transmission lines in a country where the regulatory
framework on transmission access is even less defined and understood than the
generation side of the equation . i would refrain from stating this in any
senior management forum until we are able to clearly demonstrate the
cost - benefit of this . i have some ideas on that side which i need to develop
further .
regards ,
sandeep .