Subject: news : aurora 5 . 2 update
aurora version 5 . 2
- the fastest model just got faster -
epis announces the release of aurora , version 5 . 2
aurora the electric market price forecasting tool is already
legendary for power and speed . we ' ve combined a powerful chronological
dispatch model with the capability to simulate the market from 1
day to 25 + years . add to that a risk analysis section , powered by user
selectable monte carlo & / or latin hypercube modeling , enough
portfolio analysis power to please the toughest critic , & inputs and
outputs from standard excel & access tables and you ' ve got one of most
powerful tools in the market .
just a few months ago we expanded our emissions modeling
capabilities , added our quarterly database update , increased the speed
of the entire model , and made
but that wasn ' t enough .
we ' ve done it again . some of the operations that we ' ve
included . . .
two new reporting enhancements .
the first is marginal reporting
for fuels , resources and groups of resources .
the second is the ability to
display resource stack information in graphical and dispatch order form .
other enhancements include dual fuel modeling , improved
transmission modeling , greater access to hourly results , and the ability
to model monthly emission rates . moreover , the databases for
central and eastern , texas , and western markets have been updated to use
the new modeling capabilities .
we continue to make aurora easier to use . this version enhances
user control over modeling , editing inputs , and viewing of aurora
output . clients desiring to exploit the power of aurora now have
greater control over the inputs and outputs through vb scripting in
aurora . the new " update data " capability provides a means to
universally change any data element .
attached is more information on the fastest and most flexible
tool of its kind .
for additional information , please visit our website ( www . epis . com ) or
contact our sales department at ( 503 ) 722 - 2023 . ask about our special
7 - day demo !
v . todd wheeler
sales manager
epis , inc .
( 503 ) 722 - 2023 tel .
( 503 ) 722 - 7130 fax
www . epis . com
todd @ epis . com
> >
- what ' s new - version 5 . 2 information . doc
- technical information aurora v 5 - 2 . doc