Subject: update on spring conference
hello everyone ,
i wanted to get a message out to each of you to update you on the february
23 conference plans . the conference promises to provide an exciting
opportunity to share the ideas of a diverse group of academic and industry
professionals on a topic that is dear to all our hearts , the future of
business education in the new economy . i will be sharing updates and
information with you over the weeks to come but thought it might be useful
to start before the holidays .
i am attaching the most recent " description of the program of events " which
remains somewhat fluid as we develop it . however , there are some new
developments that you will find interesting . first , i have arranged for
" filming " of the event by our local public tv station and we will be
working toward the development of the best product possible out of the
sessions . second , david palumbo ( human code - - an internet content
provider - http : / / www . humancode . com / index 2 . htm - now owned by sapient ) will
join us . david is very knowledgable about both educational issues ( he
served on the faculty of the university of houston for 10 years before
joining human code ) . he has some very interesting insights to offer on the
future of higher education having now worked from the industry side of the
equation ) . finally , i am currently reading a couple of books that you may
find interesting ( telecosm and the new barbarian manifesto ) . i ' m sure
there are many more interesting sources of information that you are each
aware of and it would be helpful if we all began sharing our notes .
finally , let me suggest that each of you begin thinking about the issue ( s )
that you feel most comfortable commenting upon and phrasing " lead in "
questions for me . i would like to build a list of such questions to
circulate among all so that we begin to get a feel for the range of topics
we will encounter in the discussion and begin to formulate our individual
opinions .
i hope that this note finds you all anticipating a wonderful holiday season
and thank you for participating in this inaugural " think tank " conference
on the future of business education .
sincerely yours ,
john
- revised workshop - planning . doc
john d . martin
carr p . collins chair in finance
finance department
baylor university
po box 98004
waco , tx 76798
254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )
254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )
j _ martin @ baylor . edu
web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html