Subject: re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001
vince :
fyi - wichai is joining on jan 8 th . osman will take care of him until my
return .
krishna .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on
12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
pinnamaneni krishnarao
12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 54 pm
to : osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees
cc :
subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001
osman :
can you request the desk & computer for wichai ? dennis has knows about
wichai coming in january .
thanks ,
krishan .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on
12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
pinnamaneni krishnarao
12 / 19 / 2000 02 : 52 pm
to : " wichai narongwanich " @ enron
cc :
subject : re : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001
dear wichai :
good to hear from you and glad you will be here soon . i will be on vacation
in january . when i am gone you will report to osman sezgen who you have met
when you were here in houston . please get in touch with him when you come
here . his phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 5485 . if you have any problems , contact
our assistant shirley crenshaw at ( 713 ) 853 - 5290 .
best wishes ,
krishna .
" wichai narongwanich " on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 51 : 40 pm
to :
cc :
subject : starting date : jan 8 th , 2001
dear dr . krishna ,
as mentioned during the interviewing process , i plan to start working under
your supervision on earlier january . i ' m now ready to start working with
your on jan 8 th , 2001 . i have been in contact with the human resource
department to set up the working permit and relocation . i have received the
optional practical training valid from jan 8 th , 2001 to jan 7 th , 2002 . i
will go down to houston to look for an apartment this weekend .
by the way , i heard from seksan , currently working under your supervision ,
that you will be on vacation soon and will come back to work again late
january . therefore , i would like to whether who should i report with on my
starting date ? or do you have any recommendation for me to prepare for the
new work ? please , advise .
best regards ,
wichai narongwanich
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com
sent : tuesday , june 20 , 2000 1 : 21 pm
to : wichai @ engin . umich . edu
subject : re : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position
dear mr . narongwanich :
you have an impressive background . what is your availability in terms
of timing ? we are looking for somebody to join our group fairly soon ( weeks
rather than months ) .
thank you ,
p . v . krishnarao
" wichai narongwanich " on 06 / 19 / 2000 09 : 17 : 35 am
to :
cc :
subject : resume for sr . specialist / manager - research position
dear mr . krishnarao ,
i received information about this job opportunity describe below by boo
lee ,
an alumni of financial engineering program here in the university of
michigan . the position is very interesting and relevant to my background
( pursuing ph . d . operations research with real options interest , completed
mse financial engineering , mse industrial and operations engineering , have
been working on ms - excel with vba for 4 years ) i attach my resume in
ms - word
document in this mail . if you need further information , please don ' t
hesitate to contact me .
sincerely ,
wichai narongwanich
wichai narongwanich
ph . d . candidate , ioe dept .
research assistant , meam dept .
university of michigan
sr . specialist / manager - research
position description : fulltime position as a member of the research
group at
enron supporting commodity risk management activities in enron energy
services . the selected person will be working closely with the deal makers
and risk - managers to develop and support quantitative models for pricing
and risk management .
responsibilities : responsibilities include analyzing data and developing
models for valuing commodity ( or commodity - related ) contracts , options
embedded in or real options associated with long term energy management
contracts , forecasting customer loads , and managing risks associated with
energy contracts .
qualifications & skills :
masters / doctorate degree in a quantitative field ( mathematics , statistics ,
operations research , econometrics / finance ) with experience or course work
in
statistics , data analysis and mathematical modeling . must have excellent
computer skills and be able to function in a dynamic , unstructured
environment .
coursework in statistics / econometrics and basic finance preferred .
proficiency in excel including vba .
familiarity with access & visual basic .
knowledge of risk management or energy markets a plus .
place of work : houston
contact : email resumes to pkrishn @ enron . com ( p . v . krishnarao )
( see attached file : resume . doc )