Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
weather group
on wednesday , december 6 th , the weather channel aired an episode of their
show " atmospheres , " which included a fifteen minute segment focusing on
enron ' s weather risk management business . mark tawney , steven vu , gary
taylor , and steve bennett were featured . the weather channel has aired the
episode periodically since then . the parts that make it through the enron
cutting room floor will be coming soon to an elevator near you ! if you would
like to view a copy of the episode in its entirety , please contact yvette
simpson at ext . 3 - 9595 .
the weather risk management group completed the first ever power demand
transaction this week . the transaction was a swap based on the pjm demand
index . power demand contracts use average peak power demand as an index and
allow power market participants ( generators , btu distributors , marketers ,
etc . . . ) to mitigate volumetric exposures . weekly swaps are available on
enrononline and the desk has placed option contracts on this index in the
broker market . inquiries regarding this product should be directed to
claudio ribeiro , product manager ext . 3 - 7313 , gary taylor ext . 3 - 1511 , or
valter stoiani ext . 3 - 6906 .
west power trading
it  , s been a wild and crazy holiday season in the west . electricity prices
have remained extremely bullish throughout the entire wscc , due in large part
to below - normal temperatures ,  & less than stellar  8 river flows in the
northwest and northern california , tremendously volatile natural gas prices ,
and a number of generating plants down for both planned and unplanned
maintenance . recently , the federal regulatory energy commission ( ferc ) has
stepped in to implement several orders in an effort to try to correct this
 some have the feeling
that the best is yet to come .
happy holidays
seasons greetings from ena pr . the entouch newsletter will be on holiday
break next week . if you have information for future issues of entouch ,
please send it to michelle vitrella . we hope you have a wonderful and safe
holiday . see you next year !
welcome
new hires ena / eim / egm
ena  ) kimberly hardy , adam johnson , daniel lisk , william fleenor , stacey
wales , jason fischer , aparna rajaram
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .