Subject: henwood ' s 2001 ercot symposium : january 23 , 2001
shirley ,
please , register me , lance and alex for this event .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000
04 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" chris farrell " on 12 / 22 / 2000 06 : 13 : 50 am
to :
cc :
subject : henwood ' s 2001 ercot symposium : january 23 , 2001
mark your calendar - tuesday january 23 , 2001 downtown houston hyatt hotel
henwood will be hosting a comprehensive ercot symposium on tuesday , january
23 , 2001 . a team of henwood regional power market specialists will be
presenting the latest analysis and
information to assist you in preparing for the new ercot restructured power
market , in addition to an anlysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc
markets . coffee and registration will
begin at 9 : 30 am and the program will run until 3 : 00 pm . lunch and snacks
will be provided .
agenda topics include :
* what will be the critica - success factors for qualified scheduling entities
operating in ercot ' s new wholesale & retail markets ?
* how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices ?
* what is the outlook for new generation ?
* what are the impacts of upcoming emission regulations on ercot ' s generation
resources ?
* what are the new analytical tools available to capture market uncertainty
impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets ?
* what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience
and the implications to ercot ?
in conjunction with this program , henwood will have a demonstration room
available to present its latest software applications and e - business
solutions . a nominal $ 75 registration fee is required
to reserve a space in the workshop .
for more information or to reserve your spot , please contact chris farrell at
henwood : cfarrell @ hesinet . com or 916 / 569 - 0985 .
about henwood : henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic
consulting , and innovative e - business applications to meet the challenges of
the restructured energy markets throughout
north america , australia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of
the ten top utilities in north america , in addition to energy services
providers and power marketers .
if you want to be removed from our email list please reply to the sender and
put " remove " in the subject box .