Subject: re : stanford project
nick ,
thanks for your message . my family is in houston for the christmas holidays
and this means i am not coming any time soon to stanford .
i shall probably visit the campus for the parents weekend . let ' s
plan to meet for dinner then .
i am very glad that you have recruited the 2 nd phd student for the research
project .
we are discussing internally what would be the best topic ( s ) for the project
and we should be ready to talk to you in the nearest future about it .
it makes a lot of sense for you to visit enron to finalize the selection
of the research topics .
we shall be glad to take both eric and giuseppe as summer interns .
everybody was immensely impressed with giuseppe and we shall
welcome him with open arms .
i shall get in touch with you in the beginning of january to finalize the
arrangements for your trip and our meeting at stanford .
vince
nick bambos on 12 / 20 / 2000 12 : 14 : 40 pm
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com
subject : stanford project
hello vince and stinson ,
first of all ,
best wishes for happy holidays ! ! ! !
if you are in the stanford area during the holidays , let ' s get together
some time to have dinner .
i have formally established the project - thanks again for funding
it - and i have also recruited the second phd student . his name is
eric cope , and he is a top - notch student , very mature , and entrepreneurial !
we have started working on some interesting problems in this area . i would
hope that eric could spend the coming summer at enron to get immersed into
the " problem / opportunity generation environment . " that really helps the
student
to develop a realistic vision about their research .
perhaps , our whole team could visit enron again some time in the next quarter ,
say in march or so , to discuss the research issues we are pursuing . and of
course
you could visit us before that too .
with my warmest wishes ,
nick