Subject: f / up
sheila ,
i am forwarding you a message i received a few days ago . i want to ask you
for advice how to handle this case .
my first reaction was to ignore it . the longer i think about it , the more
convinced i become that some action
is required .
let ' s try to reverse the situation and assume for the sake of argument that a
female employee
was harassed by a male colleague . an employee informs her boss a few months
later about
the alleged incident and the boss chooses to ignore it . in many similar
cases , courts subsequently
found against the companies that decided to turn a blind eye to such
complaints .
the fact that we are dealing with the case of reverse harassment is
immaterial .
if i ignore this complaint i may expose the company to charges of double
standard in
handling sexual harassment cases .
my recommendation would be to ask maureen to attend sensitivity training and
sexual harassment prevention class .
please , let me know what you think . sorry to burden you with this case .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 2000
11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
clayton vernon @ enron
12 / 21 / 2000 03 : 51 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : f / up
vince -
i got your message ( i was up on the roof of the building helping to fix the
weather satellite dish - what a gorgeous view of houston ! ) .
i appreciate your words . everything remains fine , vince . you are my " father "
here at enron , and i admire and respect you greatly . i think i know the kind
of person you are , in terms of your integrity , and i admire the high
standards you set for all of us in your extended " group . "
i want to let you know i am not the only one in the group who doesn ' t
appreciate the way maureen disrespects you . you remain the key external
factor in their success - it is not simply their own abilities that matter to
their futures but your own - vince ' s - success with upper management that
matters .
we respect you , and we don ' t like it when you are disrespected . maureen
didn ' t disrespect me today , vince , she disrespected you .
it ' s time i told you something . last april , maureen , highly intoxicated
following a work - related function at ninfa ' s , made an unsolicited predatory
sexual advance on me at my desk on the 19 th floor . i was shocked and
disgusted , but i didn ' t say one word about this , vince , because i played it
out and didn ' t want to put you into the position of having a raving maureen
in your midst as you perhaps had to fire her and then endure a litany of
gender - bias crap lawsuits .
i " took one for the team , " vince . i can ' rt say i would do it again - maureen
is brazen to berate me after what she did , in public no less .
i appreciate your bringing me into enron . i ' ve found a respectful and ,
indeed , a loving work environment . i remain willing to do whatever i can to
help the group .
clayton