Subject: re :
vince / stinson ,
the note below gives us the authorization to proceed . i have received no
comments from wade on my signing , but i have his approval for the study , so i
will proceed on that basis .
since we do not have any format of confidentiality agreement from jim , let us
use the one signed by the legal team for the japan study by henwood . in this
reference , could you ( stinson ) get this from either heather mitchell , or john
viverito ( who is the lawyer involved with japan , reporting to alan
aronowitz ) . we could use that as template and proceed before friday on that
basis .
regards ,
sandeep .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on
01 / 03 / 2001 10 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
james a hughes
01 / 03 / 2001 11 : 08 pm
to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development
cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development
subject : re :
i have already given authorization to proceed . however , i did not know we
were providing the data . that is the thing i am looking for most - the raw
information on what the grid and stack looks like . we need this asap . how
do we get this done quickly ?
jim
sandeep kohli
01 / 02 / 2001 10 : 55 pm
to : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james a
cc :
subject :
wade / jim ,
my apologies for missing the conference calls yesterday and today . i was not
able to download my messages in time for the calls , but i will be on going
forward .
while i am still on vacation , i have been in conversation with vince and the
research group following up on the henwood study we had spoken about . we
have received a formal proposal from henwood , and they are wanting
authorization to go forward . the study will get us the despatch forecasts
for the next 8 - 10 years , and will deliver the results by january end , per
henwood .
vince and i have reviewed the proposal , and feel that we should proceed . we
will be fine tuning the assignment as we go forward . the big issue there is
the data for the model / s , and at this point henwood is relying more on us to
provide the data . we spoke to henwood yesterday , and i will be on another
call with them on friday .
i need your confirmation on the following :
that i have your approval to proceed ahead with the study
that the study shall be paid for by dpc , and if so , is it ok for me to sign
the authorization being sent by henwood
we will need a formal confidentiality agreement to be in place by tomorrow
( jim - if you have a particular format , please let me know )
i am leaving the issue of hourly rates and cost to the research group since
they have more experience in dealing with groups like henwood . they feel the
costs are reasonable , and i will leave it at that .
we will need to collect data from the different sources we have in india , and
i have proposed that there be a formal session in india between henwood and
the ene team in india in the week between 10 th and 15 th . this is important
to insure that there are no disconnects , and that there are no illusions on
the quality of the data that will be available . it will also help us
formalize the scope and better define the issues . in order to meet the
deadlines , the data will have to be in place by january 15 th .
i will call jim later today ( i had called but you were on a call ) . i am here
till the weekend when i leave for india . please let me know if this
arrangement is ok .
regards ,
sandeep .