Subject: re : benchmarking study
sally ,
thanks . the name of the person is at the bottom of this sequence of messages .
vince
enron north america corp .
from : sally beck 01 / 05 / 2001 09 : 27 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : benchmarking study
i passed this information along to some of my direct reports for their
thoughts , and truthfully didn ' t hear back from anyone and didn ' t follow up .
two years ago , we agreed to be part of a benchmarking study that was done by
aa ' s houston office ( interestingly enough , wes colwell was the aa partner who
led this effort ) and we had mixed results . the study was designed to cover
gas and power . despite our involvement in the steering committee , the study
itself was very , very detailed , such that it was troublesome to complete .
jim fallon at the time refused to submit information on the majority of the
questions surrounding power , so our survey data for power was not very
useful .
i would agree that at this time we will pass on this request . thanks for
passing it along , however . i would be happy to convey this directly to the
person that has contacted you . just let me know his / her name and number and
i will follow through on that if you would like .
hope that your holidays was enjoyable and that the new year will be a good
one for you . - - sally
vince j kaminski
01 / 03 / 2001 03 : 29 pm
to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : benchmarking study
sally ,
i gave you some time ago a brochure on this benchmarking study request .
they renewed their request for enron ' s participation .
what is your view on this ? do you think the benefits of knowing what ' s
going on offset the loss due information released and time spent on the
project .
my recommendation is to forget it .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001
03 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" theresa sanders " on 12 / 27 / 2000 01 : 32 : 18 pm
to :
cc :
subject : benchmarking study
dear vince ,
peter nance and i wanted to follow - up our discussion of enron ' s participation
in our benchmarking study . have you discussed enron ' s participation in the
project with your colleagues ?
here is a small sample set of metrics that were taken from a comprehensive
list of over 700 metrics . the study group will decide which metrics to use .
with eei ' s credibility and teknecon ' s technical expertise , we intend to
become the industry standard in benchmarking . we would very much like to
have enron participate in the study .
i would be happy to set up another meeting with you and your colleagues with
peter nance if you think that would be helpful .
best regards ,
theresa sanders
director of business development
alliance of energy suppliers
edison electric institute
tel : 202 - 508 - 5183
- eei metrics - short list . xls
- ebrochure . doc
- riskbenc . ppt