Subject: enron europe organisational changes
once the arcos plant in spain is financially closed ( expected in q 2 of this
year ) eric gonzales will be moving back to houston to work exclusively on
co - managing enron ' s lng markets . we are very appreciative of eric ' s efforts
in europe since early 1998 and look forward to continuing to work very
closely with his lng team in the coming years . from this point forward eric
will focus his remaining time in europe exclusively on financially closing
arcos .
we are therefore making the following changes immediately . the origination
responsibility for italy will be moved under eric shaw . ricardo bortolloti
will continue in the role as italian country manager and will report to eric
shaw . mariano gentilini will become our country manager for spain and
portugal and will report directly to the enron europe office of the chairman .
the arcos power project is likely to create a large gas to power spread
position and so we have asked paul mead to assume the added responsibility
for our natural gas risk positions in spain . this position is much more
likely to be supplied and influenced by lng rather than continental gas
markets and paul will work quite closely with both enron global markets and
the continental gas team .
ross sankey who has been managing our marketing efforts in holland will also
head a new organization that will focus on subsea interconnector and power
transmission opportunities across europe . among the prospects his team will
pursue include projects from norway to the uk , sweden to the continent ,
and bidding on existing french interconnector capacity . he will report to
eric shaw for the holland markets and to richard lewis for the transmission
responsibilities .
finally the continental gas team is interacting far more with our uk gas team
than our power teams on the continent . therefore david galagher who manages
our continental gas team will now report directly to richard lewis .
we have aggressive income targets for this year and anticipate that these
changes will create the right links to optimize our performance . please help
make these changes as smooth as possible .
john sherriff
michael brown