Subject: fyi : forward
hi vince ,
the following is what i wrote to molly as she prepares the contract for me to
work with enron .
i thank you for allowing me to work with enron and will do all that i can to
make you happy with my candiates and performance .
thank you for you support vince .
will check in soon ,
jeff
sorry about the mix - up on the email molly .
i hope you get this one .
as most good corporations like enron have predefined contractual arrangements
to do executive search business i will be happy to abide by your terms and
rules .
and to be quite honest - enron is about the " best it gets " so , i prefer to not
draft a contract this time or for this relationship - i will wait for yours to
be signed by me . the only stipulation i request of you is that upon
contractual performance , enron accounts payable please wire my funds to my
account as i have a multi - currency account denominated in usd / canadian or
british pounds ( which ever fits you as i may need to pay my counterparts in
the uk ) . . . other than that i have no perplexities .
i will send you my wire instructions later , either my bank in california or
in bermuda .
as i live in california and do contingency search , i must go off of my
client ' s " good word " on occasion and luckily haven ' t had any problems so
far . . . i always honor california verbal contract law - if i do not draft .
i think you fee payment of 20 % is generous and the industry standard of 30
day guarantee on replacement is fair . obviously there is no deposit on any
contingency and if there is a definite urgent need for a position to be
filled only then will i ask your help for a minor deposit to aid in my
overhead to shift all my resources to search on behalf on enron .
as enron has the in - house power to probably not need this service then
obviously a deposit will not be required .
if you wish me to send my standard agreement then i will , but you have made
yourself perfectly clear by phone what you are willing to do . i therefore
will be happy to receive you contract and follow your instructions .
i thank you and vince for allowing me to work with enron and pledge to you my
best work and candidates utilizing my network of contacts .
i am very excited about our new relationship and hope to give you my very
best service .
thank you very much for this opportunity molly , please send my your contract
so , that i may sign it and send it right back to you immediately . i am
looking forward to working with vince and you .
thank you again ,
jeff wesley
ps - i can utilize to resources of management recruiters international usa and
robert walters of the uk to aid in my service to you .
best regards ,
jeff wesley
* get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *
- private 9498132241 original . doc
- statement 9498132241 origina . doc