Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
weather trading
the weather desk closed a 3 - year precipitation collar with payouts linked to
natural gas prices . the transaction hedges included asian options from the
gas market , precipitation floors from the weather market , and precipitation
insurance from the insurance market . eight companies were involved in the
transaction including the following enron companies : egm , ena , enron re , and
rmt . along with the hedges , the end result of the transaction is cheap
3 - year precipitation call options and precipitation dependent natural gas
call options for the weather desk .
houston pipe line company
on thursday , january 11 , american electric power ( nyse : aep ) announced that
they have executed a definitive agreement under which aep energy services gas
holding co . , a wholly owned subsidiary of aep , will acquire the stock of
houston pipe line co . from enron corp . included in this agreement are all of
the pipeline assets of hpl , as well as a 30 - year operating lease for the
bammel storage facility , the houston loop and the texas city loop .
in the news
" enron is , in other words , the biggest , baddest b 2 b e - commerce company on the
planet , and its experience belies the idea that innovation is impossible in
large organizations . " - - ecompany now , january / february 2001 .
brown bag
mark your lunch calendars now for the upcoming brown bag featuring gary
taylor , manager in weather trading . he will present an overview of the
weather risk management market . it  , s next thursday , january 18 ,
11 : 30 am - 12 : 30 pm , in 5 c 2 . rsvp today to ext . 5 - 7352 .
nuggets & notes
" what am i missing ? ! " - mike bradley , vice president / equity trading - egm
" do something ! " - david vitrella , manager / equity trading - egm
" we may not do the most enrononline trades , but we do the largest " - larry
gagliardi , director / oil products - egm
 & we have completed an efficient and successful transition from energy
outsourcing to steel . of course , as my dad used to say ,  + talk ' s cheap , takes
money to buy whiskey .  , in 2001 , we ' ll let our p & l performance do the bulk of
the talking .  8 - tim battaglia , vice president / steel origination - eim
congratulations to william stuart , manager in currency trading and charla
stuart , manager in community relations . they are the proud parents of aaron
myles stuart , who was born january 9 and weighed 7 . 11 lbs .
sean keenan , associate in eim , and wife , katherine , are the proud parents of
william patrick , who was born january 1 and weighed 6 . 4 lbs .
carlos ruiz , associate in eim , and wife , maria , are excited to announce the
arrival of their new baby boy . cristobal ruiz was born on january 8 and
weighed 7 lbs .
welcome
new hires
ena - thomas barkley , rakesh bharati , delmar davis , andrew edison , brendan
fitzsimmons , patricia goode , michelle huber , ken lewchuk , wykena lipscomb ,
albert meyers , stacie mouton , victor munoz , wichai narongwanich , christopher
ordway , brent johnston , michael law , michelle wells , peter piorecki ,
eim  ) jill lafave
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .