Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit
khairuddin ,
thanks for your message . the fax has been sent .
vince
khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 17 / 2001 01 : 50 : 36 am
please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my
to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com
cc : azminab @ petronas . com . my
subject : petronas benchmarking visit
dear mr . kaminski ,
pertaining to our visit to your kind company in february , we are required
to obtain visas for the trip . to apply for the visas , the embassy requires
a letter from the us company confirming our meeting or visit . we would
really be grateful if you can fax us a confirmation letter so that we can
proceed with our visa application . please fax the letter to :
mr . nur azmin abu bakar
head , risk assessment and control
corporate risk management unit ,
corporate planning and development division
level 71 , tower 1 , petronas twin towers ,
kuala lumpur city centre ,
50088 kuala lumpur ,
malaysia
fax : ( 603 ) 2051 - 3252
your speedy reply is greatly appreciated .
thank you and regards ,
khairuddin .
disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( " message " )
is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may
contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the
taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,
dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any
part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly
prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should
delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .
opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not
relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies
shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of
the companies within the group .
( embedded image moved to file : pico 5415 . pcx )
- pico 5415 . pcx