Subject: interview for japan office
darren ,
tanya and i had a telephone interview for yumi . i do not know what
kind of position you would offer her .
if you intended to let her do the work on quantitative modeling , her knowledge
in math seems very sallow . she is working on a math degree on stochastic
process , but she can not explain what ito ' lemma is . we also asked questions
about volatility of a basket , value at risk , etc . she did not have a clear
answer .
if you intended to let her to be a junior trader , she might be ok . it seems
she has
some experience of financial market , but i think you are much more qualified
to
probe her than i do in this aspect .
keep in touch ,
best regards
zimin
from : darren delage @ enron on 01 / 12 / 2001 11 : 59 am ze 9
to : " mm 21 yumi "
cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : next tuesday
good afternoon imokawa - san ,
we would like to invite you to have a brief dialogue with some members of our
research team . they would like to ask you to briefly expound on your
mathematical studies . if you could please contact them next wednesday at
7 : 50 am ( it should be 4 : 50 pm houston time , tuesday ) . the conversation should
take no more than 20 minutes of your time , and will enable us to get a more
enhanced understanding of your quantitative abilities .
zimin lu , director of research , can be reached at 713 - 853 - 6388
to dial from japan , 0061 - 1 - 713 - 853 - 6388
if you could please send zimin a copy of your resume before the interview ,
that would be much appreciated . you can call the above number to obtain the
appropriate fax number .
i will be in touch with you shortly thereafter .
sincerely ,
darren
" mm 21 yumi "
01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 35 pm
to :
cc :
subject : thank you
darren , thank you for cordinating everything .
i understand it takes time , this is
only the first week of the year in japan , and i do not like to
push you much . normally , i have long meetings every thursday .
for other dates , i make best effort to fit the schedule for
your convenience , including early morning or late evening .
i am looking forward to seeing you sometime soon .
sincerely ,
yumi imokawa