Subject: fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago
celeste ,
i am a very good customer of your group .
this is another student ( this time from chicago ) i would be glad to take into
the group
as an intern . the resume is attached at the bottom of this message .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001
03 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
li xiao on 01 / 13 / 2001 01 : 41 : 29 pm
to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com
cc :
subject : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago
hi , vince ,
this is li , writing from u . of chicago .
i am in the second quarter here .
the study and social life is extremely busy at the school .
but i enjoy connecting the knowledge i learn everyday here
with the experience i had with enron .
a schoolmate of mine , a chicago ph . d . candidate in finance ,
is looking for an internship for the coming summer .
i recommend him to write to you to see if you are interested in
or if there is a need . if so , you can contact with him directly .
he is a really bright guy . if not , hope you don ' t mind that
i sell enron at school so hard .
again , thanks for all the help you gave me .
have a good new year .
li
p . s . : cover letter below and resume attached .
li xiao
university of chicago
graduate school of business , class of 2002
( 773 ) 955 - 0710
dear dr . vince kaminski ,
i am a ph . d . student in finance at the university of chicago gsb who =
hopes to find a summer internship at enron of 2001 ( between june and =
september ) . i heard your group from my friend li , who worked at enron =
for 3 year . she spoke highly of you . if it ' s okay , i am primarily =
interested in risk management .
at the university of chicago , i will have completed all the ph . d . =
courses in the area of finance by the end of the first year . as normally =
it takes two years to finish the required finance courses , i decided to =
take all the finance courses in the first year . in the fall quarter , i =
already took empirical asset pricing and theoretical asset pricing and =
did very well . in the winter quarter , i will be taking corporate =
finance , continuous time finance and behavioral finance . i am exposed to =
all fields of finance . prior to coming to chicago , i received a master ' s =
degree in economics at washington university in saint louis where i =
acquired skills in economic analysis . i also have a strong background in =
statistics and mathematics . this makes me believe that i have acquired =
the ability to do financial research .
prior to coming to the united state , i was an outstanding graduate from =
beijing university , china . i was the founder and president of beijng =
univeristy society of oceanology . i also organized a research jouney in =
the round - the - bo - sea economic region . these experience helped to hone my =
communication and interpersonal skills .
as illustrated above , my skills and expertise are ideally suited for =
financial research . my resume is enclosed . in the event that you think =
an interview is in need , my time is very flexible . your assistance is =
appreciated .
sincerely yours ,
jason chen ( huafeng )
6022 s . drexel ave , apt 612
chicago , il 60637
( 773 ) 955 - 0348
- resume . doc