Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit
khairuddin ,
yes , it ' s correct . we have experienced problems replying to a number of
messages
sent by your organization ( not just your e - mail address ) . i shall send you
the list of people
who will attend the meeting at a later day . we shall have representatives
from the crude and lng trading
desks , research and risk control .
could you , please , resend me the list of your delegates .
vince
i have invited a number
khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 53 : 53 am
please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my
to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com
cc :
subject : re : petronas benchmarking visit
vince ,
it was brought to my attention that something was wrong with my ' reply to : '
function of my email resulting in difficulties to reply to my email .
below is the e - mail that i ' ve sent to you earlier and i believe this
time , i will receive your reply .
thanks ,
regards ,
khairuddin
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject : re : petronas benchmarking visit ( document link : khairuddin b m
jaafar )
vince ,
thank you for your prompt reply . we have received your fax earlier this
morning . fyi , we shall be sending you the questionaires by next week as we
are going through the final draft this week . could you please tell me who
will be joining the discussion during our visit ? thanks .
regards ,
khairuddin
disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( " message " )
is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may
contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the
taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,
dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any
part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly
prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should
delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .
opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not
relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies
shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of
the companies within the group .
( embedded image moved to file : pic 24393 . pcx )
- pic 24393 . pcx