Subject: riskcenter . com / flatiron group alliance announce garp risk review
magazine
for immediate release
contact : tom groenfeld
the flatiron group corp .
973 - 925 - 9748
973 - 925 - 9681 fax
groenfeldt @ aol . com
garp leverages riskcenter . com / flatiron group corp . alliance to produce garp
risk review and daily online risk news
new york , new york  ) january 17 th , 2001  ) after a competitive bidding
process , the global association of risk professionals ( garp ) has chosen an
alliance formed by riskcenter . com and the flatiron group corp . to produce
and manage garp  , s ( www . garp . com ) new proprietary online and print magazine
publishing efforts .
garp is the industry association that represents risk managers in the
securities industry . to serve these professionals , garp has publications ,
events , advocacy and 35 regional chapters worldwide . garp risk review will
serve as the flagship communication piece that unites all of these elements .
in the alliance , riskcenter . com will provide the daily risk management news
coverage on the garp web site . the flatiron group corp . will produce and
publish the hard copy magazine called garp risk review .
" we are very excited about the publication of the online risk management
news and the garp risk review , " says adam davids , ceo garp . " both the daily
news and the garp risk review will provide our members with the information
they need to stay current on both a periodical and real - time basis . with
information delivered in print and online , readers will be able get the
information that they need in the method that works best for that
information . garp represents a community of risk managers that are changing
the definition of their roles and developing their profession rapidly . we
are extremely pleased to advance the growth of our profession with this
excellent marriage of content and medium through the combined efforts of
riskcenter . com and the flatiron group . "
riskcenter . com , a financial risk management content media company ,
syndicates financial risk management news stories ( www . riskcenter . com )
focused on six risk categories - - credit , market , operational , ecommerce ,
energy and commodity  * that help financial executives make better decisions .
the flatiron group corp . ( www . windowsfs . com ) publishes windows in financial
services , a quarterly magazine covering the expanding use of microsoft
technologies in the financial enterprise , and an accompanying newsletter for
developers working in financial services .
" i think our combination of news delivered over the internet in conjunction
with the garp risk review publication will play an important role in
educating and informing risk professionals around the world ,  8 says joseph
viviani , president and publisher , the flatiron group . " with our garp
affiliation , we will have an unparalleled understanding of what our readers
need to know , and we will have access to the leading experts to impart the
best thinking in the field . this will be a must - read magazine in risk
management .  8
about garp
the global association of risk professionals ( garp ) is an independent
organization of 15 , 000 financial risk management practitioners and
researchers . garp is a diverse international association of professionals
from a variety of backgrounds and organizations who share a common interest
in the field . garp ' s mission is to serve its members by facilitating the
exchange of information , developing educational programs , and promoting
standards in the area of financial risk management . garp members discuss
current practices and regulation , and help bring forth potential risks in
the financial markets to the attention of other members and the public .
about riskcenter . com
riskcenter . com is a media company that provides a daily web - based news
service that delivers original stories on six financial risk management
categories : market , credit , operational , ecommerce , commodity and energy .
the stories explain risk measurement and management issues , as well as the
use of risk information in capital allocation strategies .
about the flatiron group corporation
the flatiron group is a publishing company that currently produces a
portfolio of products , including a magazine and a newsletter . its windows in
financial services magazine focuses exclusively on the rapidly expanding use
of microsoft technologies in financial services , from front office
applications to back office processing . it provides real - world case studies
showing how firms are implementing new solutions built on the microsoft
platform .
erik helland phone : 212 - 825 - 1525
riskcenter , llc fax : 212 - 825 - 1530
80 wall street mobile : 917 - 544 - 7676
suite 417 helland @ riskcenter . com
new york , ny 10005 www . riskcenter . com
" a financial risk management media company "
- garp alliance pr . doc