Subject: re : liz demers research seminar
marc ,
thanks for the invitation .
i shall attend .
vince kaminski
enron
marc epstein ( by way of kathy spradling < spradlin on
01 / 22 / 2001 03 : 41 : 13 pm
to : ( recipient list suppressed )
cc :
subject : liz demers research seminar
dear faculty
bob westbrook and the accounting group has asked me to put together a
continuing series of research workshops in accounting . my intention is to
invite four or five researchers from around the country to present
workshops on topics of interest each year . these are in addition to the
normal recruiting seminars that we will have . the researchers will be a
combination of senior and junior researchers . in addition to adding to our
own research culture , the seminars should help promote the jones school in
the academic accounting community .
my intention is to invite people that are doing very interesting work that
will be of interest to a large portion of the faculty . given the small size
of the accounting group , success of the seminars is dependent in part on
the participation of faculty from other disciplines .
our first seminar will be on february 16 from 10 : 30 - 12 : 00 and will be
conducted by elizabeth demers , a stanford phd and presently an assistant
professor at rochester . her paper is titled " a rude awakening : internet
shakeout in 2000 " and co - authored with baruch lev ( a senior accounting
researcher at nyu ) .
the work should be of particular interest to faculty in finance and those
interested in the valuation of internet companies and the value of
intellectual capital and non financial information . i expect that it will
be a very interesting seminar . liz will arrive thursday late afternoon and
be here all day on friday . i invite any of you who would like to meet with
her or join us for a meal , to please let me know .
i will appreciate it if you could plan on attending at least some of our
seminars . i hope that the topics and presenters will be of interest .
thanks for your support .
marc
marc j . epstein
jones graduate school of management
rice university
6100 main street
houston , texas 77005 - 1892
phone ( 713 ) 348 - 6140
fax ( 713 ) 348 - 5251
email epstein @ rice . edu