Subject: fw : winston
debbie ,
this is an update on the continuing winston saga . tanya
identified the sections of the code that produce inefficiencies
but the rest is in the winston ' s hands .
steve stock is very cooperative and takes a very rational , enron - first
approach to the problem . privately , my concern is that the code , based on
tanya ' s
report to me , leaves a lot to be desired . the code tends to be a very
mechanical
implementation of the algorithm , developed without a series attempt to
optimize it .
let ' s keep paddling along .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001
08 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 01 / 23 / 2001 05 : 38 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : fw : winston
vince ,
. . . just to keep you in the loop on the tanya / winston issue . . .
regards
steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : stock , stephen
sent : tuesday , january 23 , 2001 5 : 36 pm
to : tamarchenko , tanya
subject : re : winston
tanya ,
i just checked in with the contractors here . . . . . and it looks like it might be
a good idea for you to spend about 30 minutes with them to give you a guided
tour of their documentation .
it ' s presented as a linked set of word documents and visio drawing , with
links to all the reletive parts as hyperlinks . it ' s pretty good and i imagine
it will be very usefull to you , but probably requires a little introduction
first .
please feel free to come to my office whenever it is convenient . even if i ' m
not available , the guys are just outside my office and i can easily stop
whatever i ' m doing to introduce you to the project manager .
regards
steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : tamarchenko , tanya
sent : tuesday , january 23 , 2001 4 : 53 pm
to : stock , stephen
subject : re : winston
steve ,
- we spent about 5 fruitful hours with winston last week .
- i pretty much understand the data flow when the code runs .
- i also got an idea where the time is spent during the execution of the code
by questioning winston .
i did not see any results of profiling the code . winston ' s opinion is ( as i
understood ) that he knows how much time is spent
on different calculations and profiling is not easy to do , so we don ' t need
to do it .
- based on above i suggested possible way to reduce the time credit model
takes to run and we discussed it with debbie , who was
going to arrange a meeting with winston .
- it might be useful to look at the documentation created by contractors , if
you have it handy - send it to me , please .
thank you ,
tanya .
from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 01 / 23 / 2001 03 : 38 pm
to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : winston
tanya ,
how ' s it going with code - review from your perspective ?
. . . did you manage to talk to our documentation contractors ?
. . . if not , would you me to arrange for them to bring you the documentation as
it currently stands ?
regards
steve