Subject: riskbrief - january issue
riskbrief - http : / / www . financewise . com / risk
dear risk brief subscriber ,
it  , s been a while since you last received your monthly ' risk brief ' update
from financewise . but not without good reason - we ' ve changed a lot .
we have launched an exciting online news product called ' risknews ' . this
free website provides dedicated global coverage of all the top stories ,
informed analysis and best practice in the world of financial risk
management , derivatives , technology and exchanges , people moves and key
industry events . breaking news is added to the website throughout the day ,
every day .
another key benefit of risknews is a free weekly e - mail update covering
the need - to - know headlines and links back to the relevant news items . so ,
if you can ' t find the time to visit http : / / www . risknews . net regularly ,
don ' t worry , you can keep yourself informed with the weekly ' risknews
update ' .
so , what does this mean for you ?
from now on , as well as receiving your monthly ' risk brief ' e - mail
summarising risk management news a month after it happens , you can now
receive the weekly ' risknews update ' . the e - mail update is sent every
friday and the service is free . starting from friday 26 january you will
receive your first ' risknews update ' with coverage from stories occurring
just this week .
and finally  (
to celebrate this important milestone in our internet services
development , we would like to offer you a free copy of the february issue
of ' operational risk ' , worth $ 70 . this special issue serves as a guide to
the regulators  , proposals on operational risk capital charges as contained
in the basle committee ' s second consultative paper released in january
2001 . coverage contains market reactions , impacts and implications , as
well as :
? contributing articles from the regulators
? views and reactions from banking analysts
? views of the banking industry bodies
? implications for the risk technology sector with interviews
order your free copy ( worth $ 70 ) now and check out http : / / www . risknews . net
for the first time !
your comments please e - mail us on
mailto : web @ riskwaters . com ,
best regards ,
the risknews team ( formerly risk brief )
if you think any of your business associates or colleagues would find
risknews useful , please forward a copy of this e - mail to them for us .
thanks !
all of risk waters group online services can be accessed through
http : / / www . riskwaters . com
risk waters group  ) providing products with accurate analysis and
technical commentary on the latest developments in the world of finance ,
financial technology , credit , emerging markets , market data , bandwidth
trading & telecoms , risk management and derivative products .
to unsubscribe to this list , send a blank message to
mailto : financewise - unsubscribe @ listbot . com or visit
http : / / www . financewise . com / public / edit / riskm / briefix . htm and unsubscribe
from there .
to unsubscribe , write to financewise - unsubscribe @ listbot . com