Subject: henwood power market symposium - april 2001
* we apologize for the previous message , we experienced an error in our system
henwood power market symposium , april 29 th - may lst
we are excited to offer you an invitation to attend the henwood power market
symposium . this annual three - day event will take place from april 29 to may
1 , 2001 in atlanta , ga at the
evergreen mountain resort . the goal of the symposium is to provide our
guests a forum to conduct business across all energy markets through the
sharing of experiences and innovations , and
through numerous networking opportunities . participants will also gain
access to henwood ' s software products , consulting services and e - business
products , as a means to develop competitive
strategies and unequalled value in restructured markets .
the focus of the symposium is to provide relevant discussion topics ,
technologies and competitive strategies . this year ' s featured speakers
include senior representatives from enron , conoco ,
electric power research institute , ferc , new england iso , and more .
please register early because space is limited ! if you register prior to
april lst , the symposium cost is only $ 875 . after april lst , the
registration fee will be increased to $ 975 . your registration is
inclusive of the following :
* complete hotel accommodations for sunday april 29 th and monday april 30 th ,
2001
* all meals and refreshments for april 29 th through may lst . a welcome
reception is planned for sunday , april 29 th . this reception is an excellent
opportunity to network with market participants
and decision - makers of the electric power industry .
* a river boat dinner cruise scheduled for monday , april 30 th on board the
henry w . grady paddlewheel riverboat . spouses are welcome to attend the
evening reception and dinner cruise .
a captain and crew golf tournament is also planned for sunday , april 29 th for
an additional fee . we invite golfers of all levels to participate in this
event .
for more information contact heather mason ( e - mail : hmason @ hesinet . com ) at
916 569 - 0985 . you can also learn more about the symposium by visiting our web
site at www . hesinet . com .
* make sure to ask about our special 2001 henwood client discount .