Subject: @ jones : news and information from the jones school
@ jones : news and information from the jones school
february 15 , 2001
forbes magazine survey request
financial times rankings : jones school is in top ten in four categories ;
35 th of 51 u . s . schools and 54 th of world ' s best 100 mba programs .
digital technology panel : february 20
2001 alumni weekend : march 2 - 3
lecture - - gordon bethune , ceo , continental airlines : march 5
lecture - - bruce dunlevie , founder , benchmark capital : march 12
neuhaus lecture - - c . k . prahalad , professor , university of michigan : march
19
dean ' s lecture - - rodney eads , executive vice president , el paso corp . :
april 11
black leadership conference : april 27
rice alliance continues expansion of network , enhances services
seven rules for success in the new economy
tips on financial risk management by marc shapiro , vice chairman , j . p .
morgan employed at three months ; finance ;
entrepreneurship . overall , the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and
54 th among the world ' s best 100 graduate business schools .
the yale club of houston and the jones school hosts a panel discussion on
digital technology at 6 p . m . on tuesday , february 20 at 124 herring hall .
rsvp by february 16 . cost is $ 20 for jones school alumni and $ 25 for
non - members / guests .
the 2001 alumni weekend reunion will be held march 2 - 3 , 2001 . register by
feb . 16 . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / alumni / alumni _ weekend 2001 . html .
gordon bethune , ceo of continental airlines , will speak at the jones school
at 9 : 45 a . m . on monday , march 5 at 124 herring hall . alumni and students are
invited to attend the lecture .
bruce dunlevie , founder and general partner of benchmark capital , will
speak at noon on monday , march 12 at the farnsworth pavilion , rmc / ley
student center . jones school students and alumni are invited to attend .
c . k . prahalad , harvey c . fruehauf professor of business administration at
the university of michigan business school in ann arbor , will deliver the
2001 w . oscar neuhaus lecture at 9 : 45 a . m . on monday , march 19 , 124 herring
hall .
rodney w . eads , group executive vice president of merchant energy and
production for el paso corp . , will speak at the dean ' s lecture series
scheduled for 9 : 45 a . m . on wednesday , april 4 at 124 herring hall .
this year ' s black leadership conference , scheduled for april 27 , brings
together mbas , lawyers , accountants , engineers , healthcare professionals ,
educators , and entrepreneurs from houston to discuss key issues facing black
professionals . last year ' s keynote speakers include ambassador cynthia
shepherd perry , honorary consul general to senegal and ambassador berhane g .
christos , ambassador of ethiopia .
the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year
determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit
in the rice community and in houston . the alliance brings together students ,
faculty , alumni and other rice - associated parties as collaborators , mentors
and investors in engineering , science , software , or e - commerce innovations .
murray weidenbaum , founder and chairman of the murray weidenbaum center on
the economy , government , and public policy , joins the jones
school as the ken lay , vinson & elkins visiting scholar through may 31 . a
noted expert on american and global economics and top adviser on economic
issues during the nixon and reagan administrations , weidenbaum is working on
a study of u . s . and international trade policy , developing a high middle
ground in a controversial area .
marc j . shapiro , vice chairman , j . p . morgan & chase , talked about six tenets
of success in financial risk management at the jan . 22 dean ' s lecture .
a distinguished panel of e - commerce and energy industry leaders addressed
current trends and the future of e - commerce at the jan . 10 forum " 2001 : an
internet odyssey " jointly hosted by the rice alliance for technology and
entrepreneurship , the jones school , rice university executive education , and
texasecomm .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
online :
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the
new jones school building construction .
learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school , and
view artist renderings of the new $ 60 million building , currently under
construction . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / campaign / campaign . html
@ jones : news and information from the jones school , the jones school
e - newsletter , is published monthly by the public relations department of the
jesse h . jones graduate school of management . the jones school website
http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu is updated frequently and we
encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and
information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school . to
submit items to be posted on the jones school website , please e - mail
jgsmnews @ rice . edu .