Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
east power group
enron power marketing , inc . ( epmi ) and enron wind corporation ( ewc ) have
joined forces in a deal that combines the expertise of both enron
subsidiaries . ewc is developing the indian mesa wind farm in pecos county ,
tx . epmi has agreed to purchase 135 mw of bundled capacity , energy and
renewable energy credits (  firm dates will be announced soon .
if you have customers in the area interested in attending , please contact
lucy ortiz at 713 . 853 . 3238 .
in the news
what do enron , compaq , continental airlines and jpmorgan / chase bank know that
the city of houston doesn ' t ? they know that in order to attract top talent ,
they must stay competitive and current in the employment market .
domestic - partner benefits are a reality for those companies looking up toward
the future and down at the bottom line .
does anyone really think these companies would be offering these benefits if
they weren ' t cost effective and in the companies ' best interests ? - - houston
chronicle ( 02 / 11 / 2001 ) .
welcome
new hires
egm - kyle berryman / weather trading , carla murphy / operational accounting
eim - elizabeth hutchinson / fundamental analysis
ena - bryant frihart / origination enovate , lea sooter / public relations
enrononline statistics
below are figures for enrononline as of february 9 , 2001 .
* total life to date transactions > 670 , 000
* life to date notional value of transactions > $ 410 billion
nuggets & notes
 & who took the last twix out of the candy jar ?  8 - andrea reed , vice president
/ fundamental analysis - eim
" i ' m having an out of body experience . . . " - scott josey , vice president &
co - manager / energy capital resources - ea
news from the global flash
uk origination team closes first deal under neta
congratulations to the uk origination team for closing their first
transaction under neta and the first long - term customer contract to be signed
under neta terms . on 7 th february , the team signed a 10 - year electricity
supply contract with the manx electricity authority , making enron the sole
supplier of the isle of man ' s ( iom ) electricity requirements over the next
decade . in addition to providing power to the inhabitants of the iom , enron
will contractually manage the iom interconnector and all generation to the
iom .
enron direct expanding customer service operations
enron direct continues to go from strength to strength , and as a result of
continued growth , is expanding its customer operations to teesside , creating
46 new jobs . enron direct will be setting up a new customer service center
at the etol administration building on the wilton international site . the new
center is scheduled to open in april and will support enron direct ' s existing
call center and customer service operations in oxford . the 46 new employees
will be recruited locally .
enron credit
enron credit announces the closure of its largest european digital bankruptcy
swap ( dbs ) transaction to date with a new counterparty . in addition to
detailed information on the dbs , registration on the web site
( https : / / www . enroncredit . com / members / join . asp ) provides access to weekly
bankruptcy blasts covering current credit risk topics .
register today on www . enroncredit . com and take a look at how some of your own
counterparties may be performing !
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .