Subject: re : weather course
julie ,
enron location makes more sense . no reason to pay for the hotel .
also , i think that one day makes more sense .
i contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training
course . i think that they would be interested if they got a good discount .
vince
" julie " on 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 39 : 37 am
please respond to " julie "
to :
cc :
subject : re : weather course
vince ,
?
great . ? just to let you know , we decided not to wait on the indecisive ones ,
and postponed the open course . ? it ' s yours , whatever you want : ? 1 day
( specific to what you feel will be of the most benefit ) , 2 days , hyatt or
enron , or not at all . ? i hope this doesn ' t cause problems for you . ? special
deal , for sure . ? i owe my godfather .
?
julie
?
?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
to : julie
cc : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com
sent : thursday , february 15 , 2001 3 : 16 pm
subject : re : weather course
julie ,
that ' s definitely an option .
we can provide the room . maybe we can cut with you a special deal for enron
and increase the # of people attending . i am forwarding your message to
our weather desk .
vince
joe ,
what do you think about it ?
vince
" julie " on 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 20 : 24 am
please respond to " julie "
to : ? ? " vincejkaminski "
cc :
subject : ? weather course
vince ,
we just wanted to let you know that we only have 3 people signed up for the
weather derivatives course ( all from enron ) so far . we have a couple more
that have expressed strong interest , but we are awaiting their final
decision . if no one else signs up , chris and les thought that you guys
could probably get through the first day pretty easily , and thus thought it
may be an option to teach just the 2 nd day material ( pricing ) only at enron
( doing it at the hyatt is an option as well but the room might be on the
large ? side ) ? we would obviously reimburse you for the day not taught . we
can teach both days as well , but thought you may want to save some time .
i just wanted to give you some time to think about it . we will know ? where
we stand on final numbers by next wednesday .
julie