Subject: re : vandy student
kristin ,
the problem with this guy is that we maxed out on the number of interns we
can gainfully employ and provide adequate supervision . so , we have to pass on
him .
vince
enron north america corp .
from : kristin gandy @ enron 02 / 16 / 2001 07 : 54 am
to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : vandy student
i hear that you have been in contact with this student . do you have any
interest in hiring him for a summer position ? if not please just let me know
and i will call him to let him know .
regards ,
kristin
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin gandy / na / enron on 02 / 16 / 2001
07 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
dmitri villevald on 02 / 15 / 2001
04 : 00 : 51 pm
to : " ' kristin . gandy @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject :
dear ms . gandy :
thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to visit the owen
graduate school of management at vanderbilt on january 23 - 24 for on - campus
interviews for the summer associate positions at enron . it was a pleasure
talking with you , and i hope i conveyed to you how excited i am about the
prospect of applying my skills at enron .
i realize that enron offers a limited number of positions and greatly
respect your choice of summer associates . i would like to ask you if there
is any opportunity for me to work at enron during this summer for free . i am
confident that my sincere interest in derivatives will allow me to greatly
contribute to enron during this summer . i am particularly interested in
enron research group . ( i had a phone interview with mr . gibner on january
31 st , and i sent him email yesterday asking for the opportunity to work for
free during this summer ) .
i am looking forward to hearing from you . if i can provide more information
or answer additional questions , please feel free to contact me either by
telephone ( 615 - 496 - 1132 ) or via e - mail
( dmitri . villevald @ owen 2002 . vanderbilt . edu ) . also , i am always ready to fly
to houston for additional interviews .
again , thank you for your time and consideration .
sincerely ,
dmitri villevald
owen mba 2002