Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
egm fundamentals
lowell bezanis joins us from eig ( energy intelligence group ) . lowell will be
a great resource for the group as he has had substantial experience covering
middle east issues , as well having great contacts with the trade press . the
egm fundamentals site has moved into production . our new address is
http : / / egmfundy . corp . enron . com comments and suggestion should be directed to
heather purcell at 54057 . heather is also managing our enterprise - wide
contract with pira for oil , electricity , natural gas and natural gas liquids .
eim finance
the primary focus for the eim finance group is to assist transaction teams in
the execution of complicated transactions in which enron capital is being
deployed . this may consist of executing the funding of specific transactions
in either the bank or capital markets . currently the team is focusing on the
creation of several off - balance sheet funding vehicles that can be drawn upon
to fund multiple transactions , as well as the financing of the recently
announced daishowa acquisition . in addition , the group is focusing on the
creation of an inventory finance vehicle that can be utilized to fund
multiple steel ( or other commodity ) inventory financings . bill brown leads
the group and notes , " this is a very exciting time at enron . eim is a great
example of utilizing the enron wholesale business model in commodities other
than gas and power . the ability to finance complicated transactions by using
financial engineering skills developed around enron creates a competitive
advantage to transaction teams and will allow us to develop new products and
fund those products competitively without using large amounts of enron
capital . "
in the news
 & vision is dandy , but sustainable company excellence comes from a huge stable
of able managers . if you don ' t believe me , then go read first , break all the
rules : what the world ' s greatest managers do differently ( simon & schuster ,
1999 ) , by gallup execs marcus buckingham and curt coffman . here ' s a
boiled - down version of what they found : great managers are an organization ' s
glue . they create and hold together the scores of folks who power
high - performing companies .  8  ) tom peters , fast company , a subsidiary of u . s .
news & world report ( 2 / 20 / 01 ) .
revised presentation library link :
you can access the analyst slides at the url below . simply go to this url ,
click on the enter button , and you have access to all the presentations made
at this meeting . http : / / 172 . 28 . 92 . 190 / bowne /
welcome
new hires
egm - leticia mcashan / financial operations
ena - leann walton / research
transfers
ena  ) joseph wagner , marcus edmonds , santiago garcia , stacy dunegan , shane
green , roman zadorozhny , praveen mellacheruvu , seksan kiatsupaibul , charles
ward , victor munoz paulette roberts
egm  ) steven jacobellis , margaret cowan , alisa green
eim  ) deborah chance , eugenio perez
nuggets & notes
 & our vision for 2001 is to go from  & the world  , s leading energy company  8 to  ( .
 & the world  , s leading company  8 - - jeff skilling at the all - employee meeting .
" can someone tell me which bank is dying to lend to the steel industry ? " - -
bill brown , vice president / finance eim
 & there  , s no such thing as a comp emergency .  8  ) sheila knudsen , vice
president / human resources ena
news from the global flash
weather deal
enron has traded a weather derivative deal with the rock garden restaurant in
london ' s covent garden . based on a ' cold day ' index , the deal protects the
rock garden from a summer that has too many days below a certain temperature
between march and june . once a number of days has been reached , the rock
garden will receive a payout for each further day below that reference
temperature . the payouts have been weighted to reflect the greater earning
potential in some months compared to others . in a blind auction , enron beat
six other risk takers to price the deal .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .