Subject: fw : fw : question about ernie
vince ,
i left you a voice message that explains a little about the history of this
inquiry ( you may want to refer to that first ) .
please let me know what you know about this and your opinion .
thank you ,
anthony
* 36304
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : presas , gracie
sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 5 : 38 pm
to : sexton , anthony
subject : re : fw : question about ernie
anthony ,
please contact vince kaminsky at ext . 3 - 3848 . i think his group has this
type of training set up . ask him is you can be added to their classes . let
me know if this works for you .
gracie
from : anthony sexton / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 05 / 2001 01 : 31 pm
to : gracie s presas / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : fw : question about ernie
hi , gracie .
i ' m just following up on my inquiry from last week . have you begun any
discussions on statistics classes ?
anthony
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : sexton , anthony
sent : thursday , march 01 , 2001 8 : 28 am
to : presas , gracie
subject : question about ernie
gracie ,
does enron have any statistics classes ? ones more focused on basic
statistics and the lingo ( ex : alpha , beta , delta - gamma , type i & ii error ,
distributions , kurtosis , etc . ) than the var class ?
i have not seen any in the class schedule . in working with traders and
studying risk mangement concepts , even our " experts " that know almost
everything about marketing and modeling risk management products do not seem
to have an adequate understanding of basic statistics ! ! ! this lack of
knowledge basically makes my job as a fundamentals analyst ( researching the
underlying commodity markets for the purpose of maximizing egm / ea / eim
profits ) very inefficient .
if they already do not exist , i recommend that ernie institute two types of
statistics classes ( which mirror the existing finance class selection ) .
" introduction to statistics " ( perhaps a database approach - including
application to excel ? ) and " applied statistics " ( which would be a more
advanced approach that specifies how enron uses - or should use - statistics
in risk management marketing ) .
please let me know what you think .
cordially ,
anthony sexton
* 36304