Subject: re : weekly report
vasant ,
yes , it ' s perfect . please , indicate that the wording was unfortunate .
vince
vasant shanbhogue
03 / 08 / 2001 11 : 20 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : weekly report
hi vince ,
regarding david port ' s response to kevin kindall ' s email , i feel that i
should respond , at least to make our position clear . please indicate if the
following response is appropriate - - - - - - -
" hi david ,
i understand that you were slightly upset over a comment kevin kindall made
in one of his weekly reports . the intention was never to disparage anybody .
it is just that since research gets data from a large number of sources , we
feel obligated to the data donor to ask any requester for clarification of
need . i completely understand that rac typically has access to much
sensitive information and they have a right to know much information . we
just want to make sure there is open flow of information ( it is in
everybody ' s best interests and the company ' s best interests ) and that
everybody is aware of how data is flowing .
best wishes ,
vasant "
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001
11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : david port / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 08 : 46 am
to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , rudi
zipter / enron @ enronxgate
subject : re : weekly report
kevin - thanks for the update .
on the stock option plans , if your angle is what i suspect , i suggest you get
with rudi zipter , who has done a great deal of work on this exposure ,
including characterising and actually booking the short option positions in
enron ' s equity system . we are already working with ben glisan ' s team firming
up a hedging program . we are well advanced in this effort so if you get with
my people it could save you a great deal of time .
secondly , i am afraid i do take some exception to your references to naveen ' s
team in your last point . generally in rac i don ' t believe we are obliged to
explain why we need information , except as a courtesy - otherwise that would
compromise our role somewhat . specifically , i am aware of the sensitivity of
raptor , just as i am of the sensitivity of all the information my group is
privvy to on a daily basis . again , we have done a good deal of work on these
structures too ( i see a position report daily ) . as i have discussed with
vince , naveen ' s request would have been derived from a discussion we all had
with rick , concerning " meltdown " scenarios and their effect on , amongst other
things , funding vehicles .
but i would rather have had a conversation about this than see slightly
disparaging remarks about my people in email traffic .
rgds
dp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kindall , kevin
sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 8 : 19 am
to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant
cc : port , david
subject : weekly report
>