Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
east power midwest origination
beginning late 2000 , east power marketing implemented a complete market
coverage strategy . since then , epmi has begun to develop relationships with
hundreds of small  & mom & pop  8 municipalities . many of these munis had no
prior contact with enron . as a result , east power has executed a valuable 30
mw energy call option term purchase from the municipal energy agency of
nebraska ( mean ) at a congested location .
enron industrial markets
eim has renamed pulp , paper the state power
exchange effectively replaced three monopoly buyers with one monopoly buyer .
deregulation does not mean buying all of your commodity at the last minute ,
on the spot market , rather than planning ahead and purchasing most of the
power under long - term contracts that lock in prices .
the situation in california is the result of continued regulation ,
complicated by a series of natural and man - made factors .
welcome
new hires
egm - lowell bezanis , owen zidar
eim - eric holzer , john ovanessian
ena - mecole brown , nita garcia , ambroshia hunter , nikole jackson , junichi
sugiura , theresa zucha , cynthia gonzalez , scott wilson , kenton schaefer ,
emily butler
transfers
ena - joseph hardy , nancy vu , lloyd miller , jinsung myung , patrick johnson ,
jason wolfe , andrew miles , sara shackleton
eim - sherri baldwin , debbie chance , rob saltiel
egm - jody crook , neithard foley , juan paysse , bhavna pandya , courtney
campbell , terri denning
nuggets & notes
" it is on the high side of medium to high . " - - tim battaglia , vice
president / steel origination eim ( discussing the probability of a transaction
closing ) .
 & i wanna see the phone glued to your ear !  8 - - ed baughman , vice
president / east power mid market ena
 & referrals , referrals , referrals ! it pays to know good people . "  ) ambroshia
hunter perry / hr ena
you requested more info  ( . proud parents michelle vitrella , pr coordinator ,
and husband david vitrella , manager of trading , have named their baby girl
lily ann . she was born on february 27 , 2001 .
learning at the speed of enron
if you haven ' t had a chance to log on to www . investinme . enron . com , you ' re
missing a fast and easy way to gain the information you need to get ahead and
stay ahead . this new ews training site combines everything you loved about
ernie with much , much more . enron employees now have the ability to register
for hundreds of classes on industry - related topics anywhere in the world .
don ' t have time to attend a classroom training ? no problem , you can now use
the web site to search for books , videos , cd rom , and web - based training . all
the learning you want , anytime , anywhere . just go to
www . investinme . enron . com and start building your future today !
news from the global flash
enron wind
enron wind has purchased the factory facilities of the dutch company , aerpac ,
europe ' s second largest producer of wind turbine rotor blades . this move
represents a significant step towards fulfilling enron wind ' s strategic
objective of manufacturing high - quality and technically sophisticated rotor
blades in - house . enron wind will be using its own moulds to produce the
rotor blades . the acquisition of the almelo - based factory facilities , which
are only 60 kilometres from enron wind ' s facilities in salzbergen , germany ,
gives the company a convenient base for european wide distribution .
enron applies for greek electricity trading license
enron , through its subsidiary enron power mepe , has applied for an
electricity supply license for greece , for the 34 % market opening on feb 19 th
2001 . if the license application is successful , enron will be allowed to
approach customers consuming more than 100 gwh up to a combined total peak
capacity of 350 mw . in total , 4 companies have applied for power trading
licenses ( enel , atel and cinergy also applied ) .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .