Subject: stanford summer associate and full - time associate recruiting
greg :
just an update on the stanford summer associate and full - time associate
recruiting efforts :
we have pre - selected 19 summer associate candidates and 7 full - time associate
candidates . the schedule of interviewers for round 1 and round 2 is listed
below . i was able to get elliot mainzer and steve swain on the round 1
interview schedule . they were tim belden ' s picks for interviewers from his
group . i have left a message for chris calger to see if he might be
available for round 2 interviews and am waiting to hear back from him .
listed below are logistics . let me know if you are available for friday
interviews .
regards ,
celeste roberts
wednesday , march 14 , 7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m . dinner with students selected to
interview
il fornaio , the sala del canaletto room
520 cowper street , palo alto
( 650 ) 853 - 3888
attire : business casual
enron attendees :
vince kaminski - md
brad alford - vp
matt harris - vp
brad romine - mgr
theresa riedman - mgr
steve swain - mgr
elliot mainzer - mgr
martin lin - mgr
mauricio mora - associate
celeste roberts - director
althea gordon - recruiter
thursday , march 15 , 8 : 30 a . m . to 4 : 45 p . m . round 1 interviews for both
summer and full time associates
stanford gsb career services center
interviewers :
theresa riedman
brad romine
brad alford
martin lin
elliot mainzer
steve swain
mauricio mora - greeter / alternate interviewer
thursday , march 15 , 12 : 15 p . m . to 1 : 30 p . m . lunch with dean george parker
( associate dean of academics ) and
sherrie taguchi ( director of career services ) .
stanford gsb career services center
we will be ordering lunch in .
friday , march 16 , 8 : 00 a . m . to 12 : 00 p . m . * round 2 interviews for both
summer and full time associates
stanford gsb career services center
interviewers :
vince kaminski
matthew harris
* please note that this is an approximate time that will be based on the
number of candidates who successfully pass round 1 interviews on thursday .
your hotel information is as follows :
stanford park hotel
100 el camino real
menlo park
( 650 ) 322 - 1234
upon confirmation of your participation you will receive your hotel
confirmation number . in the event that you have not received your hotel
confirmation number please contact cathy lira , at x 54049 .