Subject: @ jones : news and information from the jones school
@ jones : news and information from the jones school
march 13 , 2001
forbes magazine survey
alumni association reception - - new york : march 15
conference - - perspectives on women in business : march 16
southwest business plan competition - - march 30 - 31
rice alliance business presentation forum - - march 30
cancelled - - neuhaus lecture : march 19
dean ' s lecture - - ralph eads , executive vice president , el paso corp . : april
11
black leadership conference : april 27
prof . stephen zeff publishes new book on henry rand hatfield , accounting
historian
rice alliance continues expansion of network , enhances services
jones school campaign
visit construction site
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
announcement
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
if those of you in the class of 1996 haven ' t received the forbes magazine
survey , please do fill it out when it comes . forbes is looking at return on
investment . your names and addresses will not be used for any other purpose
beyond this one - page questionnaire and your responses will remain
confidential . as you know , rankings are influenced by the percentage of the
class which returns the survey . this is true for all rankings . we greatly
appreciate your taking your time to do this and thank you for supporting the
jones school .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
news
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the jones graduate school alumni association will host a dean ' s reception on
thursday , march 15 , in new york city . you and your guest are invited to join
gil whitaker , dean and professor of business economics , for cocktails and
hors d  , oeuvres from 6 to 8 p . m . on march 15 at the 50 th floor , j . p . morgan
chase & co . building , 270 park avenue , new york , ny . please rsvp to deanna
sheaffer , director of finance and alumni affairs , at sheaffer @ rice . edu or
713 - 348 - 6222 .
managers and business owners will address issues related to women in
leadership in the march 16 conference " grace under pressure : perspectives on
women in leadership " in herring hall . the conference , sponsored by enron
corp . , j . p . morgan chase monika drake , assistant director of career planning , jones
school ; marla hutchison , principal , deloitte consulting ; christie patrick ,
vice president , public affairs , enron corp . ; and bette wickline , director ,
women  , s business initiative , j . p . morgan chase & co .
the march 19 neuhaus lecture featuring c . k . prahalad , harvey c . fruehauf
professor of business administration , university of michigan graduate school
of business administration , ann arbor , has been cancelled . it will be
rescheduled at a later date .
the jones school and the rice alliance will welcome aspiring entrepreneurs
at the first southwest business plan competition , scheduled for march 30 - 31 ,
at herring hall . nine teams from schools in the southwest region of the u . s .
will compete for the opportunity to enter the international moot corpc
competition held each year at the university of texas , austin .
http : / / www . alliance . rice . edu / swbpc /
the rice alliance hosts the second annual business plan presentation forum
from 9 a . m . to 1 : 30 p . m . on saturday , march 31 , duncan hall . the forum is
intended to provide presenters with candid and constructive coaching on the
components of their business plans .
ralph eads , group executive vice president of merchant energy and production
for el paso corp . , will speak at the dean ' s lecture series scheduled for
9 : 45 a . m . on wednesday , april 11 at 124 herring hall .
http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / news / calendar / index . cfm ? eventrecord = 1735 author and
financial advisor brooke stevens ; shell oil company chairman steve miller ;
former u . s . secretary of energy hazel o ' leary ; and federal reserve board
member samuel golden . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / content / content . cfm ? pageid = 60
stephen zeff , the herbert s . autrey professor of accounting and professor of
managerial studies , was profiled in the march 1 edition of rice news for the
successful release of his book on accounting historian henry rand hatfield ,
the first first full - time accounting professor in a u . s . university .
in its 2001 rankings of the top full - time mba programs in the world , the
financial times ranked the jones school among the ten best in four
categories : value for money ; employed at three months ; finance ;
entrepreneurship . overall , the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and
54 th among the world ' s best 100 graduate business schools .
the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year
determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit
in the rice community and in houston . the alliance brings together students ,
faculty , alumni and other rice - associated parties as collaborators , mentors
and investors in engineering , science , software , or e - commerce innovations .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
online :
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the
new jones school building construction .
learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school , and
view artist renderings of the new $ 60 million building , currently under
construction . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / campaign / campaign . html
@ jones : news and information from the jones school , the jones school
e - newsletter , is published monthly by the public relations department of the
jesse h . jones graduate school of management . the jones school website
http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu is updated frequently and we
encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and
information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school . to
submit items to be posted on the jones school website , please e - mail
jgsmnews @ rice . edu or call 713 - 348 - 6364 .