Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
ena principal investments :
three transactions to date in lq 2001 :
$ 2 . 5 million investment in series c convertible preferred stock of silicon
power corporation ( " spc " ) , a leading designer , developer and manufacturer of
a wide range of power semiconductor devices and systems . spc operates
through three divisions : the power components division manufactures large
area semiconductors up to 125 mm which are used in high - power diodes ,
thyristors , gto thyristors and custom high pulse power rated devices . these
components are sold directly to oem ' s in the heavy industrial , electric
utility , transportation , military and medical industries . the industrial
power division specializes in systems level products providing utility and
power quality protection . the commercial power division designs and
manufactures semiconductors made by a planar process used to make discrete
power semiconductor devices and associates subsystems . more information can
be obtained from kevin kuykendall ( 33995 ) , jennifer adams ( 33919 ) or from the
company ' s web page at : www . siliconpower . com
$ 2 . 25 million convertible bridge loan to solo energy corporation , an existing
ena principal investments portfolio company . the funds are part of a $ 7 . 0
million bridge facility needed to fund overhead while negotiations continue
regarding a potential acquisition opportunity . in addition to the conversion
feature , ena principal investments also received warrants to purchase 2 . 75
million additional shares in solo energy . the company is developing a 100 kw
microturbine , which utilizes a proprietary catalytic combustion process and
turbines , sourced from the automotive and marine sectors . placement of 50
beta units is planned at test sites selected by scana ( a co - investor in solo
energy ) in the 2 q and 3 q , 2001 . once the acquisition is completed , the
company plans to complete an additional $ 30 to $ 50 million funding round .
more information can be obtained from charlie vetters ( 39435 ) , kyle kettler
( 30423 ) or from the company ' s web page : www . soloenergy . com
$ 5 . 0 million series d convertible preferred stock of encorp , inc . , an
existing ena principal investments portfolio company . the funds are part of
a total of $ 38 million raised in the series d round that should provide
funding for the company through mid - 2002 . encorp is among the worlds leading
providers of products , services and solutions addressing the growing demand
for clean , reliable on - site power systems . the company  , s power technology
products include grid - interconnection switchgear and energy - automation
software . encorp  , s products , in combination with the company  , s
engineering - services team , create dependable , on - site power solutions that
can reduce the overall cost of energy for commercial and industrial customers
operating in the digital economy . more information can be obtained from
charlie vetters ( 39435 ) , kyle kettler ( 30423 ) or from the company ' s web
page : www . encorp . com
enron credit
feeling exposed ? if you are looking for ways to trade some credit exposure
out of your portfolio , visit enrononlinetm . enron credit now offers 3 - year
and 5 - year credit default swaps for a number of companies every day on the
system .
industrial markets
enron industrial markets has established its key goals and objectives for
2001 for the forest products and steel groups :
_ firmly establish eim as a significant physical merchant by moving 3
million tons of product in each of the forest products and steel industries .
_ expand international business by generating at least $ 10 million of gross
margin .
_ create a vehicle to gain access to 500 , 000 tons / year of market pulp .
in addition , both forest products and steel are focused on creating greater
physical and financial liquidity in each of their respective industries , as
well as developing world class logistics and operations capabilities .
eim organizational announcement
forest products group
the following changes are being implemented in the commercial organization in
order to better focus on the group  , s mission : to be the premier market maker
in physical products and financial risk management products in the forest
products sector .
rodney malcolm will assume responsibility for the new sales and marketing
group .
rob saltiel will create a new forests products origination group .
bob crane will continue to be responsible for trading and risk management in
all forest products markets .
andy keleman will take the leadership of the transaction development group .
in the news
" energy and trading giant enron corp . ( nyse : ene - news ) wants a piece of
madison avenue . the houston - based company ' s latest venture is enron media
services , a seven - month old outfit that aims to bring enron ' s expertise in
trading natural gas and electricity to buyers and
sellers of advertising space .
in the process , enron wants to tap into a $ 500 billion - a - year global
advertising arena .
` ` what we ' ve identified is that this business is very analogous to what we do
in gas and power , ' ' enron media services vice president edward ondarza . " - - -
reuters , march 14 , 2001
welcome
new hires
egm - sherman franzen
eim - jennifer vanlandingham
ena - kim detiveaux , diane fellers , esemeralda gonzalez , eric linder ,
michael lorenz , noel ryan , melissa prihoda , steve mcdonnell
transfers
eim - lisa csikos , john jacobsen
ena - robin rodrigue , maria lopez , roseann engeldorf
if you love golf . .  (
would you like to experience the premier golf event , the masters ? this is
your golden opportunity to see augusta and the practice rounds .
there are 17 spaces now available for trip # 1 - sunday , april 1 through
wednesday , april 4 . the package includes accommodations at six private homes
in augusta , food and beverage , ground transportation , access to the enron
tent , passes to the practice rounds and par 3 tournament , and one round of
golf at jones creek .
cost is $ 4975 per person ; additional cost for use of charter aircraft between
houston and augusta is $ 1740 per person . this is a high - level
customer - driven business opportunity . if you are interested , call dorie
hitchcock at x 3 - 6978 .
enrononline statistics
below are the figures for enrononline as of march 14 , 2001 .
? total life to date transactions > 750 , 000
? life to date notional value of transactions > $ 450 billion
news from the global flash
enpipe services
the continental gas team is launching the first virtual gas transportation
product in europe , enpipe services . enpipe will offer customers the ability
to swap gas between the nbp in the uk and the zeebrugge hub in belgium .
customers will be able to nominate volumes on a day - ahead basis , and will pay
for the service by an up - front premium . this new service should encourage
more participants at the zeebrugge hub , which will lead into more liquidity
at other trading locations developing on the continent . similar to the
virtual storage service , enbank , enpipe demonstrates enron ' s ability to offer
valuable services to the market through smart risk management rather than
capital - intensive infrastructure . the first enpipe auction will close on 15
march , and customers may submit their bids on enrononline .
teesside gas processing plant
on thursday , lst march , the teesside gas processing plant achieved iso
9001 : 2001 quality management system accreditation . this achievement is the
result of 12 months hard work , enthusiasm and commitment by all plant staff
and has also been a great team effort with the enron global asset
organisation providing technical and moral support .
an iso team was formed in february 2000 led by iris thomas ( qa coordinator )
and supported by members from all site disciplines including operations ,
maintenance , accounts and it . a program was implemented to prepare , write ,
issue and control , detailed procedures to ensure the plant was operated and
maintained to the quality standards required by iso 9001 : 2001 . customer
satisfaction and focus is an integral part of the standard and a great deal
of effort has been put into this area . following a pre - audit in january the
final accreditation audit commenced on wednesday , 28 th february , with
accreditation being confirmed on thursday , lst march .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .