Subject: fw : understanding & applying financial mathematics to energy
derivatives
dear all ,
thanks for your responses regarding availability and thoughts for the 2001
financial maths course . attached is a word version of the previous outline .
i have also included some comments from previous delegates on what they
would like to see this year . most points address the level we should aim for
and the balance of theory and practical applications . i hope these points
help you to improve on what is already our premier eprm training course .
i would like to confirm the final points and any new biographical details by
thursday , march 22 nd in order to allow us a strong lead time to market the
event . if you have any questions , please call me on 212 925 6990 extension
225 or send me an email .
as a checklist these are the points i would like to clarify :
1 . confirmed availability for venues outlined in the draft programme .
london , 28 & 29 june
new york , 9 & 10 july
houston , 16 ' chris . harris @ innogy . com ' ;
' eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ' ; ' vince . j . kaminski @ eron . com ' ; ' vkaminski @ aol . com ' ;
' spyros . maragos @ dynegy . com ' ; ' ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu ' ;
' geman @ math . umass . edu '
subject : understanding & applying financial mathematics to energy
derivatives
dear all ,
firstly , i would like to thank you for all your help on the energy & power
risk management 2001 event . the line - up is exceptional and i am extremely
excited about this event .
as the course leaders of our annual financial mathematics training course , i
would like to notify you of the dates for the event this year . we plan to
hold the courses at the following venues on the following dates :
houston - june 21 & 22
london - june 28 & 29
new york - july 9 & 10
i would like to confirm availability for these events and to take on board
any update suggestions for the 2001 course . i do hope that these dates
enable you to participate in this event and i look forward to speaking with
each of you soon .
best wishes ,
paul bristow
- financial maths draft . doc