Subject: " henwood ' s rationalizing midwest power markets for the future "
workshops
henwood announces a major new release and functional realignment of its
trading solutions software
henwood energy services , inc . ( henwood ) recently announced a major new
release of its trading and
scheduling software , and the overall realignment of its energy trading and
risk management functions into a
new , strategic lineup of products . henwood  , s established etrm and
webscheduler enerprise software
products have been re - launched into physical trading ( webscheduler ) , trade
capture and settlements
( trademanager ) , and risk management functions ( riskreporter ) , with greatly
expanded capabilities to
more strategically meet the needs of the rapidly changing energy markets
throughout north america . the
release of the new webscheduler ( version 5 . 0 ) , combines a new henwood
scheduling version with
henwood  , s nerc tagging and iso communication functions to create a
comprehensive physical
management system .
" the release of the version 5 webscheduler marks an exciting day , both for
henwood and for energy
companies responsible for managing financial and physical energy transactions
across north america , "
explained derek porter , vice president - software products . " our new product
version release and overall
product realignment clearly shows henwood  , s dedication to meet the trading
needs of today and anticipate
the challenges of tomorrow . "
the new webscheduler is a comprehensive physical management product that
allows energy organizations
to manage physical trading issues from creation through delivery . the
software enables traders , schedulers
and other energy professionals to conduct their business of physical
scheduling , iso coordination , and
settlement in one seamless operation . some of the new features include :
- real - time price and volume change log
- standard ramp assignments
- dynamic view and form configuration for commodity volume management
- enhancements to scheduling view management
- new commodity volume management system
- show prices
- on - peak / off - peak definition
- running totals
- enhanced back - to - back / bookout function
- enhanced sub - hour function
- schedule summary page with copy function
- quicktrade capability
- grid copy / paste and export functions
henwood is offering training courses for the rollout of the physical trading
application , scheduled
throughout may in both sacramento and atlanta . dates are currently scheduled
for may 2 - 3 , 2001 in
atlanta , and may 23 - 24 , 2001 in sacramento . space is limited , so please sign
up early .
henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic consulting , and
innovative
ebusiness applications to meet the challenges of the restructured energy
markets throughout north
america , australasia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of the
ten top utilities in north
america , in addition to energy services providers and power marketers . for
more information about
henwood  , s trading and risk management applications , please contact derek
porter at 916 - 569 - 0985
( email : dporter @ hesinet . com ) . additional information about henwood can be
obtained by visiting
www . hesinet . com .