Subject: re : wharton business plan competition
hi vince !
please see the wharton information below , as well as jeff ' s comments .
do you want to be the judge ?
please let me know asap .
thanks !
- - christie .
- - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 01 : 53 pm - - - - -
jeffrey a shankman / enron @ enronxgate
03 / 19 / 2001 11 : 18 am
to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : wharton business plan competition
i ' ll be in new york that week . ask vince .
jeff
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : patrick , christie
sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 9 : 43 am
to : shankman , jeffrey a .
subject : fw : wharton business plan competition
importance : high
jeff ,
please see wharton business plan information below .
do you want to be the judge ?
thanks !
- - christie .
- - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - -
" stamer , anne " 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 42 am to :
" ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : subject :
fw : wharton business plan competition
hi christie :
i hope this email finds you well . the wharton business plan competition is
going really well .
we would really like to enron participate . is someone from your company
available to be a be a judge for our phase iii ? attached is some
information .
anne
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : andrew gaffney [ mailto : gaffneya @ wharton . upenn . edu ]
sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 9 : 47 am
to : christie . patrick @ enron . com
cc : stamer , anne
subject : wharton business plan competition
dear ms . patrick ,
anne stamer asked me to contact you regarding enron providing a judge for
phase iii of the business plan competition . phase iii judges are generally
partner - level individuals at venture capital firms , managing directors from
investment banks , or other senior individuals who have extensive experience
assessing and working with early stage ventures . a phase iii judge will
receive five business plans , with the entire judging process requiring 4 - 5
hours during the weeks of april 2 and april 9 . i am attaching a document
that describes the competition and judging procedures for phase iii in more
detail . we are looking to finalize the list of phase iii judges by march
23 , so if you could please forward either anne or i the name of the
appropriate individual , we can contact them directly with more details .
please let me know if you have further questions and we appreciate your
support of the competition .
sincerely ,
andrew gaffney
- phase iii judge info 00 - 01 . doc >