Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
us natural gas teams
the us natural gas marketing originations teams have had a successful lq
2001 . in addition to mid market activity led by fred lagrasta , new
origination desk heads and marketing teams have been set up across the us and
are led by the following : west gas origination - barry tycholiz , central gas
origination - laura luce , east gas origination - frank vickers . these teams
have made significant inroads in 2001 , focusing on customer coverage , new
accounts , transportation syndication , risk management products and market
intelligence . all of these individuals are open to any questions regarding
the new businesses .
siebel summary
eim ' s ability to rapidly transform its designated forest products and steel
markets is dependent upon its ability to effectively manage the market
participants and accelerate their adoption of eim ' s business strategy . to
achieve this objective , eim will implement siebel sales enterprise , a
customer - focused centralized database that effectively leverages all
information learned about our customers and enables sharing of this
information throughout the front , mid and back offices . siebel is designed
to help in - house and mobile sales professionals in large organizations manage
accounts , contacts , activities and opportunities associated with the sales
cycle . eim fundamentals is leading the siebel implementation effort .
in the news
enron is hosting the new york energy risk management seminar at the st . regis
hotel in new york city on april 5 , 2001 . topics include : power outlook ,
natural gas outlook , and weather risk management . to rsvp , contact laura pena
at x 3 - 5376 .
welcome
new hires
egm - sherman franzen , fariba karimi , ryan krogmeier , lawrence marcus
eim - ronald barnes , paul hanks , chad ihrig , stella pedroza , linda silva
ena - hagar kedem , steven merriss , courdney williams , diane fellers
transfers
ena  ) tammie schoppe , lynna kacal , johnna kokenge , karen jones , stuart
zisman , anne labbe
egm  ) justin cornett , george thomas , richard yeboah , phi khanh wolfe , alan
harvey , philip berry , ethan schultz , sanjeev khanna , mingcheng lian
nuggets & notes
" we have to move paper , make money and move the industry . " - - rodney
malcolm , vice president / forest products eim
congratulations to angela and chris connelly , manager in coal trading . they
are the proud parents of nicholas connelly , born on march 17 and weighed
7 lbs . 11 oz . ( rumor has it that at 48 hours of age , he had more hair than his
father ! )
congratulations to carmen and glenn wright , director in steel origination who
welcomed little lauren nicole born march 12 . she weighed in at 7 lbs . 13 oz . and
debuted with a full head of hair and " making lots of noise . "
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .