Subject: re : lawyer
sorry to hear this - i have generally shared my materials with colleagues
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]
sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 6 : 21 am
to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu
cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
subject : re : lawyer
ian ,
sorry for a delay in responding to you .
i am currently in london , flying back to houston tomorrow .
the problem is not with the lawyers . we worked on our presentation
materials together with a professor from another university
and we agreed to use these materials only internally .
we have to honor our commitment to him . i am sure
that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had
made a similar commitment to you .
vince
" macmillan , ian " on 03 / 21 / 2001 04 : 31 : 27 pm
to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject : re : lawyer
what do i need to do to move this thing forward ?
i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know
how to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it
were not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never
have a chance .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu
cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm
subject : re : lawyer
ian ,
sorry for a delay in getting back to you .
i have one challenge i did not anticipate
when i talked to you the first time about our real options
internal seminar .
the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor
from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding
the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the
materials
outside enron .
please , give me some time to find out if i can work
around this issue .
vince
" macmillan , ian " on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am
to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject : lawyer
i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar
materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of
real
options with enron