Subject: only 1 week left to register for the henwood power market symposium
at the discount registration fee
dear energy participant :
don ' t miss your chance to register for the henwood power market symposium at
the discounted price of $ 875 . after april lst the registration fee increases
to $ 975 . * register now because
space is limited !
this annual three - day event will take place from april 29 to may 1 , 2001 in
atlanta , ga at the beautiful evergreen mountain resort . this year ' s
symposium features leaders from ferc , electric
power research institute , standard & poor ' s , iso new england , conoco , entergy
nuclear , and more . discussion topics will include " rating implications of
the california market failure " ,
" upcoming changes to wholesale electric markets in new england " , " impacts of
high gas costs to the nation ' s supply portfolio " , and many others . as always ,
participants will also have the
opportunity to gain access to henwood ' s software products , consulting
services , and online databases , as a means to develop competitive strategies
and unequalled value in restructured
markets .
your registration fee is inclusive of the following :
- complete hotel accommodations at the stone mountain resort for sunday april
29 th and monday april 30 th , 2001
- all meals and refreshments for april 29 th through may lst . a welcome
reception is planned for sunday , april 29 th . this reception is an excellent
opportunity to network with market participants
and decision - makers of the electric power industry .
- a river boat dinner cruise on monday , april 30 th on board the henry w .
grady paddlewheel riverboat .
also don ' t miss the henwood captain and crew golf tournament planned for
sunday , april 29 th . we invite golfers of all levels to participate in this
fun event .
for more information please contact me at 916 569 - 0985 or
hmason @ hesinet . com . you can also learn more about the symposium by visiting
our web site at www . hesinet . com .
heather mason
marketing assistant
henwood energy
2710 gateway oaks dr .
suite 300 n
916 - 569 - 0985
* make sure to ask about our special 2001 henwood client discount .