Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
enron producer one
enron producer one facilitates one - stop shopping for the producer  , s
infrastructure needs . through business relationships with hanover
measurement services and applied terravision systems , enron producer one will
offer and custom - configure a number of valuable production services and
pricing plans to reduce overhead and simplify back - office tasks . initial
products offered are well connects , transportation , marketing , measurement
and accounting services . enron producer one is managed and supervised by
john grass .
in the news
ceo says texas in good shape for electricity deregulation
dallas ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s chief executive and president said tuesday he
believes that texas energy markets are in good shape as the state prepares
for deregulation .
jeffrey skilling told an audience of about 400 business people at a downtown
hotel that california " has given the term deregulation a terrible name . "
electric deregulation in texas officially starts jan . 1 . " in texas , i think
we ' ve got a pretty good system , " he said .
in san francisco on tuesday , the california public utilities commission
unanimously approved electricity rate increases of up to 46 percent to try to
head off blackouts this summer by keeping the state ' s two biggest utilities
from going under . when california officials set up deregulation they allowed
the price of wholesale electricity to rise but capped the amount companies
could charge customers , skilling said . socal edison and pacific gas &
electric say they have lost more than $ 13 billion since last summer because
they haven ' t been able to pass on the high cost of wholesale electricity .
skilling said texans are in a much better position and shouldn ' t worry that
their state ' s deregulation would be like the california experience .
" california , they just put together a crazy system ,  8 he said in his first
public comments since becoming the houston - based company ' s chief executive
officer in february . " the markets in california are the most regulated
markets in north america today . and that ' s what is causing the problem . "
03 / 27 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 .
welcome
new hires
egm - charles crow , nancy johnson , gregor lehmiller
eim - darrell aguilar , latrisha allen , wesley wilder , ronald barnes
ena - brian cruver , craig dean , martha kessler
enrononline statistics
below are the latest figures for enrononline as of march 16 , 2001 .
? total life to date transactions > 813 , 000
? life to date notional value of transactions > $ 489 billion
nuggets and for supplies to all consumers including households by 2005 .
the setting of rules in the regulation for how power transmission tariffs can
be charged for cross - border transactions and how congestion and capacity
allocation at borders within the eu should be managed by transmission system
operators .
enron concludes that it is encouraged by the efforts of the commission to
accelerate the european electricity and gas market opening and the
reinforcement of third party rights of access to transmission networks . the
commission ' s approach of harmonizing both the timetable and the regulatory
framework deserves support from all member states .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .