Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
enron industrial markets
enron industrial markets has recently completed the first transaction for a
new 60 - day fixed price product for the lumber industry . available for
delivery in houston and dallas , the product is offered by enron in the
over - the - counter market and via clickpaper . com , enron  , s internet - based
transaction system dedicated to the forest products industry . the first
transaction was completed via clickpaper . com on march 14 with a major lumber
buyer in the southern united states . this represents the first online fixed
price transaction contract in the industry . with the growing volatility in
the lumber industry , the availability of a long - term fixed price product
provides companies with another opportunity to mitigate their exposure .
additionally , this transaction represents the convergence of enron  , s
increasing involvement in physical lumber transactions with our recognized
expertise in financial risk management .
in addition , eim has announced that it has completed its acquisition of the
quebec city , canada newsprint mill and related assets from daishowa forest
products ltd . in july 2000 , enron purchased garden state paper , a recycled
newsprint mill located in garfield , nj . the acquisition of the daishowa mill
now positions enron as the seventh largest producer of newsprint in north
america . the daishowa mill in quebec city will now be called papiers
stadacona . the new name has great historical significance to the local
community in quebec city . when jacques cartier first explored the mouth of
the st . charles river in 1535 , the aboriginal people living there referred to
the village as stadacona . this is now the site of modern - day quebec city .
enron freight markets
in march , enron freight markets ( efm ) completed the acquisition of webmodal ,
inc to help launch the traditional intermediary transportation business . efm
also started its spot trading business and completed 981 transactions in its
first month .
east power origination
on tuesday , april 3 , the st . lucie county commission voted 3 - 2 to approve the
midway energy center near fort pierce , florida , which is a 510 megawatt
peaking power plant . next steps for this facility include receiving a water
permit from the south florida water management district and an environmental
resource permit ( erp ) from the florida department of environmental protection .
enron canada
ken lay addressed a breakfast meeting of the toronto board of trade on
wednesday , april 4 , as part of the " power breakfast series " . his topic was
" moving forward with electricity deregulation . " before his speech , the
chairman of the board of trade commented that " this was the best attendance
ever " at one of their breakfast meetings . after the meeting , mr . lay spoke
with reporters from reuters , the globe and mail , the national post , and
report on business tv emphasizing enron ' s commitment to deregulation of the
ontario power market .
in the news
japan : enron presents power plant plan to japan government
tokyo , u . s . - based enron corp on wednesday presented plans to build a
liquefied natural gas ( lng ) fired power plant in northern japan , aiming to
become the first foreign company to build such a plant in japan . the move
brings enron one step closer to realizing its plan to build a power plant
with an initial capacity of two million kilowatts in aomori prefecture .
" we submitted our basic plan to build the plant to the governor of aomori
prefecture today in line with last november ' s announcement , " tatsuro seguchi ,
president of enron corp ' s japanese affiliate encom corp , told a news
conference . " we are aiming to start construction of the plant in 2004 and
start operations by 2007 since japan ' s power market is one of our highest
priorities , " he said . 03 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c )
reuters limited 2001 .
welcome
new hires
egm - lyelle bellard , damian nelson , edward soo , jonathan whitehead
eim - elsa aguilar , melia dickson , john hark , phaedra jones , maricar jose ,
ian mccrory , mirella bertrone , roland holub , arthur miller , miriam watson ,
richard albert , randy biagini , thomas duchnicki , diego tabbachino
ena - mitra mujica , karen phillips , sarah domonoskie , kelly donlevy - lee
transfers ( to or within )
ena - john moore , mitchell robinson , larry valderrama , holden salisbury ,
grace rodriguez , mary martinez , dominic carolan , kari oquinn , katherine
kelly , david fuller , anguel grigorov , oren zimmerman , chuanli deng , glenn
surowiec , tharsilla broussard , geynille dillingham , philip conn , lola
weller , christina brandli , noemi camacho , randel young , ina rangel
egm - shelia benke , homer lin , william mckone , william berkeland , valarie
curry , tomas tellez
eim - allen ueckert , john w . jennings , sarveen kohli
nuggets & notes
the next ews brown bag is scheduled for april 19 with tim battaglia
discussing the steel industry .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .