Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
enron freight markets
enron freight markets ( efm ) launched its over - the - road trucking business this week . in addition , efm completed 199 intermodal transactions in the first week of april .
ena west power
ena west power recently closed the sale of two power projects . the 750 mw pastoria energy facility in kern county , california was sold to calpine and the 240 mw fountain valley power project in colorado was sold to black hills energy capital . given the power shortage in the west , ena is developing additional power generation in nevada , california and washington .
enron industrial markets
the newsprint group of eim is working to revolutionize the newsprint market and bring financial rigor and market efficiencies to a business that has remained relatively unchanged for more than a century . the global newsprint market is a 23 billion dollar a year business with the north american market comprising one third . the group ' s originators , mid - marketers , and financial and physical traders offer our customers numerous financial and physical products not previously available in the market .
eim has made a substantial commitment to this business with the purchase of garden state paper company last year and the recent purchase of daishowa paper in quebec city . the number of transactions has grown exponentially with the physical trading alone reaching a nominal trading volume of more than $ 10 , 000 , 000 per month in little more than four months since opening . in addition to physical spot transactions , the desk offers our counterparties log - term fixed priced transactions , indexed based pricing , forward contracts , swaps , and derivative products .
forest products
forestweb inc . , an internet - based generator , aggregator and integrator of knowledge and information for the forest products industry , announced a new window to industry financial and risk management tools available from clickpaper . com . clickpaper allows the industry direct access to transactable prices for both physical and financial products , in an electronic format .
paperloop . com , one of the leading online resources for the forest products industry , announced the addition of clickpaper . com in their emarketplace , which showcases various e - commerce companies and highlights their services . paperloop provides clickpaper . com exposure to its 250 , 000 + monthly users in the pulp , paper and converting industries .
in the news
ken lay was the cover story for the april 2001 issue of continental magazine . he had positive things to say about his employees .
" sitting in his 50 th floor mahogany - paneled office overlooking his much - beloved downtown houston , lay , with a self - conscious smile , bows his head slightly as he ' s described as an innovative market maker . ' i really can ' t take any credit , he says . my employees are responsible for what enron does . ' what he does best , the missouri - born corporate icon says , is ' to create an atmosphere of empowerment and creativity and hire bright , innovative people who aren ' t afraid to take risks and try new things . "
welcome
new hires
eim - craig rickard , lisa mcclendon
ena - ben brasseaux , stephen swisher , tamera joyner , vanessa griffin , kathleen ashton
weekly enrononline statistics
below are the latest figures for enrononline as of april 6 , 2001 .
* total life to date transactions > 845 , 000
* life to date notional value of transactions > $ 500 billion
nuggets & notes
mark your lunch calendars now ! the next ews brown bag is thursday , april 19 at 11 : 30 am . tim battaglia vp / eim will be discussing steel origination .
congratulations to peter del vecchio , eim senior counsel , and his wife , nair . they are the proud parents of dante valentin del vecchio , born april 3 , weighing 4 pounds , 8 ounces .
news from the global flash
enron poland obtains gas trading license
on 22 nd march 2001 enron poland received a 10 - year gas trading license , valid for both domestic gas trading within poland as well as for gas exports . the license is a key component to our entering the gas trading market in poland and , coupled with the power trading license we obtained in 1999 , will give enron poland a strong position in the developing wholesale energy market . in the next two to three weeks , we expect to receive a cross - border trading license covering gas imports that are further regulated under the polish energy law ordinance on gas import diversification .
enron wind announces first uk off - shore wind farm
on 5 th april 2001 , enron wind announced that it had been granted the right to initiate the planning process for its first uk offshore wind farm , located at gunfleet sands , 7 km from clacton - upon - sea in essex . construction is expected to start towards the end of 2002 , with the wind farm of 30 turbines being operational by q 4 2003 . enron wind is also actively involved in a number of on - shore projects in the uk , including the development of wind farms in wales and northern ireland .
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed .