Subject: re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation
mr . kaminski ,
thank you for responding . i ' m sorry you won ' t be able to attend , but very
much appreciate your willingness to reconsider your decision about
participating in pserc . we will certainly keep you informed about on - going
and new pserc activities that may be of interest to enron .
best regards ,
dennis ray
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]
sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 2 : 02 pm
to : djray @ engr . wisc . edu
cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
subject : re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation
dear mr . ray ,
i regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend
the power systems engineering research center ' s
upcoming industrial advisory board meeting in oak brook .
our work load does not leave us much time to get involved
with pserc at this moment . we would very much like to stay
in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this
year .
vince kaminski
" dennis ray " on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 46 : 44 pm
to : " vince kaminski "
cc :
subject : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation
mr . kaminski ,
greetings . bob thomas , shmuel oren and i invite you to attend the power
systems engineering research center ' s upcoming industrial advisory board
meeting in oak brook , il . it will be held on may 31 - june 1 .
as you know from lance and alex , this is an opportunity to meet university
researchers and industrial members of pserc . the meeting also has
presentations on pserc activities and research projects , pserc business
discussions , current topic discussions , and a tutorial . our current topics
discussion will be on iso / rto issues , and will involve executives from
several isos in dialog with university researchers .
please let me know if you have any questions . we hope to see you there so
that we can talk about any questions you might have about pserc .
dennis ray , ph . d .
executive director
power systems engineering research center
608 - 265 - 3808
( see attached file : directions . doc )
( see attached file : iab _ meeting _ may 2001 . doc )
( see attached file : iab _ registration _ form . doc )
( see attached file : pserc members . doc )