Subject: entouch newsletter
business highlights
enron industrial markets
metal bulletin - iron and steel awards for 2000
pushiest entrant : enron , the us commodity trading company , which promised it
would revolutionize the steel business by offering futures in hot rolled coil
via its online market place .
the eim fundamentals analysis group is excited to announce that dave allan
has joined as a director , responsible for all forest products lines . he
comes to eim with 20 years of experience in the forest products industry , of
which 14 were spent at abitibi and 6 with pulp and paper week . please join
us in welcoming dave .
the siebel team (  & the force  8 ) continues to work towards program
implementation of its customer management system in early may , with training
to begin at the end of april . stay tuned for updates .
enron global lng
enron global lng is positioning itself to be a creator and leader of a global
wholesale lng market . the rising prices of natural gas in the united states
and concerns over future energy supplies have created a bullish outlook for
lng in the u . s . and around the globe . lng has played a major role in
serving energy needs in many parts of the world , but its place in the u . s .
energy picture has been limited . an lng market that spans the globe can
supply vast amounts of otherwise stranded gas to the world  , s growing appetite
for cleaner burning fuels . enron global lng sees great opportunity for
enron  , s wholesale energy business model to help shape yet another energy
market .
in the news
enron corp . says first - quarter profit rose 20 percent
houston , april 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , said
first - quarter profit rose 20 percent as sales almost quadrupled . profit from
operations rose to $ 406 million , or 47 cents , from $ 338 million , or 40 cents ,
in the year - earlier period . enron raised its 2001 profit forecast to $ 1 . 75
to $ 1 . 80 a share , from its january projection of $ 1 . 70 to $ 1 . 75 .
first - quarter revenue surged to $ 50 . 1 billion from $ 13 . 1 billion as enron
boosted the volume of power sold in north america by 90 percent . enron had a
first - quarter gain of $ 19 million , or 2 cents a share , for an accounting
change , making net income $ 425 million , or 49 cents a share . there were no
charges or gains in the year - earlier period .
welcome
new hires
egm - janelle russell ,
eim - david allan , sylvia carter
ena - sasha divelbiss , amy quirsfeld , judy zhang , annette thompson , kelly
donlevy - lee , grant patterson
transfers ( to or within )
ena  ) william abler , magdalena cruz , barbara taylor , james reyes , marvin
carter , angel tamariz , jesse bryson
eim  ) cassandra dutton , christine sullivan , camille gerard , sherri kathol ,
jennifer watson
egm  ) steven batchelder
legal stuff
the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary
to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only
and should not be disclosed .