Subject: job posting
i am teaching a class at rice and one of my very bright students sent her
resume
in response to this posting . do you know who posted this job ?
vince kaminski
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001
05 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" helen demianenko " on 04 / 24 / 2001 02 : 11 : 05 pm
please respond to
to :
cc :
subject : job posting
dear vince ,
thanks for talking to me this morning about the sr . risk analyst position .
here is where you can find the job description for that position :
also , i have cut and pasted it down below , just in case .
i appreciate your assistance in this matter and will start working on my
cover letter right away .
i would also like to talk to somebody to get a better feel for the position
( is this really an mba level position and how much of the in - depth learning
opportunities for the derivatives market does it entail ? )
sincerely ,
helen demianenko
p . s . i have attached my resume ( one more time ) .
sr risk analyst
essential functions : primary accountability for managing the ets risk book
structure and processes from a pipeline ( front office ) perspective . work
within current nng and tw marketing organizations to effectively integrate
risk books into daily marketing and structured product activities . provide
feedback to management regarding overall and specific risk positions .
provide support for consistent and accurate deals entry / reporting for stand
alone risk management system . create ad - hoc reports to assist management in
risk analysis . responsible for managing and providing enhancements to the
capacity books : ? maintain functionality and provide leadership for new
functionality from a users perspective . provide support and direction for
integration of capacity books and revenue management project . support revenue
management team
essential requirements : ba / bs in finance or accounting ( mba preferred ) .
minimum of two years financial instruments experience . excellent
quantitative / analytic and systems skills . knowledge of commodity risk book
concepts . understanding of physical natural gas market , interstate
transportation and financial derivatives . ability to interface with
structuring / marketing groups in order to define business requirements .
ability to provide leadership for business and system processes . excellent
communication skills with an ability to communicate across organization with
varied skill sets and ideas . must be self - motivated with a high level of
energy
preferred skills : na .
special characteristics : this job functions in a team - oriented , fast - paced
environment with multiple concurrent assignments and constantly changing
priorities .
contact : responses will be accepted through may 3 , 2001 . respond to enron
corp . , human resources 235 , p o box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or e - mail :
dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this
requisition number .
job id 0000108729
department risk management & reporti
company enron transportation services
enron transportation services
location houston , tx
type
posting date 19 - apr - 01
- helen _ d _ resume . doc