Subject: re : potential prospect
tom ,
we are currently space constrained but we shall always take a qualified
candidate . please , ask george to send me a resume and we shall get in touch
with him
to arrange a phone / on - location interview .
vince
tom arnold on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 15 : 09 am
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject : potential prospect
hey vince ,
given that the eastern finance conference is already taking place , i think
it is safe to assume that they did not desire an energy derivative round
table discussion . however , i appreciate you volunteering to potentially
having been on such a round table discussion .
i ' ve been teaching a " real options " course that has the students performing
monte carlo analysis , black - scholes pricing , and binomial pricing along
with a heavy dosage of understanding risk neutral pricing . a few of your
new hires from the undergraduate program will be coming from this course .
however , i have a student who will be finishing his mba next spring that is
particularly good . he is genuinely interested and curious about option
pricing , trading , and hedging with excel / vba skills . in fact , he usually
figures out when i make even very small mistakes in my calculations .
this is not to say that some of my other students aren ' t very talented
themselves , but that this person really stands out . do you think you
and / or enron would be interested in such a person ? if so , what do you
recommend that he do to get his foot in the door ?
his intention is to finish the mba , but i do not know if this would
preclude you from hiring or at least taking a look at him now . his name is
george moss and i ordinarily would not bother you directly about a
potential employee . i am making an exception in this case because he is a
particularly good talent without being the slightest bit arrogant .
otherwise , i hope this e - mail finds you doing well and not travelling too
much .
tom
professor tom arnold
e . j . ourso college of business administration
department of finance
2155 ceba
louisiana state university
baton rouge , la 70803
o : 225 - 388 - 6369
f : 225 - 388 - 6366