Subject: re : summer work . .
jinbaek ,
thanks for your message .
we have a number of additional fascinating projects that you can work
on . as a matter of fact , it would be great to have you here earlier .
vince
" jinbaek kim " on 05 / 02 / 2001 05 : 18 : 32 am
to : , " raghavan , suresh " , " mesquita , ross "
cc :
subject : summer work . .
long time no see ,
how have you been . . . must be busy and living a challenging life ?
i have been pretty busy too ,
to finish a project and write a paper , these days .
everything looks going ok for my summer internship .
i took necessary steps to work out of campus , and sent
signed contract to molly a week ago . .
here is what i am expecting to do in the summer .
please let me know if you have any change in mind .
actually , i wonder a little bit if dealbench changed its business model . . .
and maybe you got priority in something different
because it has been quite a while since we talked .
i ' d like to what ' s going on in dealbench team . . .
raghavan and ross ,
if we talk over phone it will be great !
dr . kaminski ,
if you think there is something else interesting to work with during the
summer ,
to both you and i , please let me know .
my interest is auction , market design , and simulation .
i am taking a financial engineering class , ( mostly on option pricing )
and working on electricity generator valuation problem based on
spark spread option .
all of you ,
let ' s keep in touch until we meet in june ! !
best regards ,
jinbaek
tentative work period : 6 / 4 - 8 / 4
1 . tasks :
1 ) survey on auctions : the state of art
single - item auction , multi - unit auction , sequential auction ,
multi - attribute auction , combinatorial auction
- theoretical
- experimental
- algorithmical
2 ) deal bench ' s auction model analysis
2 . deliverables :
1 ) 3 presentations :
- lst presentation : around 6 / 30 : on different auction types and researches
- 2 nd presentation : around 7 / 15 : the state of art in auction studies
- 3 rd presentation : around 8 / 1 : deal bench ' s model analysis
2 ) report :
summary of auction study in laymen ' s term
deal bench ' s model analysis