Subject: fw : london work
hi ,
how are you ? london seems to be the same as when i left in august - no sun ,
cold , serious looking people , expensive , etc . in addition , we have had may
day riots , a post office bombing , train strike , etc . not to mention all the
excitement in enron credit .
it would be nice to know who i am supposed to be reporting to . i am getting
loads of conflicting messages - as illustrated in the forwarded email from
vasant . according to you and slava , the strategy paper / duffie report seems
to be a higher priority . however , vasant seems to indicate ( in his forwarded
email ) that this is not the priority at the moment .
in addition , there seems to be lots of chaos in enron credit - not only in
the houston office , but even more so in the london office . this brings to
mind a russian proverb i learned from slava when he expressed his views on
the current state of enron credit - " a fish rots from the head . "
finally , i would like to know exactly what you want me to write in this
duffie report : do you want to hear what enron credit would like to hear -
that all they need is for us to develop a private firm model for their
exisiting " infrastructure " ? or do you want to hear what i really see , hear ,
read , etc . ? if the latter is true , then i may need to write two reports ,
because what i am learning does not look too good and would probably not make
the enron credit personnel too happy .
well , i think i have said enough for now . look forward to your feedback .
thanks ,
iris
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shanbhogue , vasant
sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 3 : 39 pm
to : mack , iris
cc : dhar , amitava
subject : london work
hi iris ,
amitava must have told you that both he and i are getting swamped with work
here . as a result , we expect you to take the lead in scoping the enron
credit project and making sure the infrastructure is readied . you should
also make sure to understand the econometric / data analysis software side of
the project - - this is probably more important than preparing a document for
duffie right now . you should definitely sit with ben / george and actually run
the software with them to get a feel for how it is to be used . but we also
need to be able to try out potential other ways of analyzing data . both
amitava and i will help as best as we can , and answer any direct questions ,
but we will have limited time to review documents , etc . i expect amitava to
get heavily involved once data starts coming , but we expect you to have
already set up the infrastructure etc for the data .
hope the trip is going well . would you be extending the trip for some more
time ?
vasant