Subject: re : schedule and more . .
jinbaek ,
may 30 sounds good . i shall inform our hr department .
i don ' t see any project i could get going with your advisor on such a short
notice .
when you come here you can determine in what area he could make
the biggest contribution to enron . i shall call or e - mail
him independently and talk to him .
vince
" jinbaek kim " on 05 / 07 / 2001 02 : 25 : 53 am
to :
cc :
subject : schedule and more . .
dr . kaminski ,
i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may ,
but not from monday ,
probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) .
will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4
i am sorry .
and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business ,
organized by my advisor
could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups
interested in e - business and especially procurement ?
the link is as following .
i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . .
my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu )
wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him
during the summer , while i am staying there .
his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? )
and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . .
xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . .
system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system ,
e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . .
many technical aspects of e - business . . .
he wants to do some kind of technical case study
that is beneficial for both enron and him .
he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the
summer .
( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too ,
because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . )
could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ?
thank you . .
sincerely ,
jinbaek
- fcp - invite . pdf