Subject: re : ibuyit user set up
diane :
we have had quite a few problems with this ibuyit procedure . i have submitted several invoices for payment since may lst and
have reveived none of them back for coding and approval . i am afraid the vendors are going to be coming after us !
we also have had approval problems . i submitted a hardware request and it went to every manager in our group . i think we
have finally gotten that straightened out for the present .
the requestors and coders would be :
shirley crenshaw
anita dupont
kevin moore
the only approved for our group is vince j . kaminski ( co 0413 - cc 107043 )
if you need anything else , please let me know .
shirley
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : fellers , diane r .
sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 4 : 56 pm
to : kaminski , vince j .
cc : crenshaw , shirley
subject : fw : ibuyit user set up
vince ,
per the request below , i need a list of people you would like to serve as approvers and requestors for the research group for the ibuyit program . of course , they want this as soon as possible . please let me know who you would like to include .
thanks ,
diane
x 5 - 7996
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vandor , david
sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 4 : 18 pm
to : fellers , diane r . ; guilliams , lisa ; heath , holly ; nguyen , vivian
cc : leschber , edie
subject : fw : ibuyit user set up
could you please gather this info for all your support departments ?
in case you don ' t know , ibuyit is the web site where employees can purchase , code , and approve invoices for items online .
thanks ,
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : day , misti
sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 3 : 43 pm
to : becton , pam ; brown , sarah ; cameron , marlene ; carter , carol ; coffey jr . , jim ; davis , angelic ; dawson , brian ; east , laynie ; fredericks , kristi ; hanslip , david ; hardy , stacy ; hardy , trey ; harris , paula ; helton , susan ; killen , faith ; lamb , marnie ; leschber , edie ; long , lindsay ; mayeux , cassandra ; orsak , susie ; patterson , grant ; pierce , jody ; schwertner , brian ; vandor , david ; vargas , hope ; vu , nancy h . ; washington , deanna ; wolfe , stephen
subject : ibuyit user set up
the ibuyit team is trying to get a complete list of approvers and requestors for this program .
for each of your teams , please send me the following :
names of approvers ( team head , cc owner , etc . )
names of requestors ( admins , anyone who would be ordering )
cost center
the ibuyit team wants to keep the number of requestors and approvers limited , but each team will need more than one approver . every requestor will have a pre - approved limit for each transaction . approvers will be required to go into the system and approve all transactions that exceed that limit in order for the transaction to be completed .
unfortunately , we need this information as soon as possible ( monday afternoon at the latest ) !
please feel free to call me with any questions .
thanks ,
misti
x 39525