Subject: enron communications changes name to enron broadband services ( ebs )
- - - - - forwarded by scott pleus / enron communications on 01 / 21 / 00 06 : 55 pm - - - - -
danae umbower
01 / 21 / 00 07 : 58 am
to : scott pleus / enron communications @ enron communications
cc :
subject : enron communications changes name to enron broadband services ( ebs )
- - - - - forwarded by danae umbower / enron communications on 01 / 21 / 00 07 : 59 am
- - - - -
ebs office of the chairmen
sent by : joe litton
01 / 20 / 00 06 : 33 pm
to : nancy young / enron communications @ enron communications
cc :
subject : enron communications changes name to enron broadband services ( ebs )
enron communications changes name to enron broadband services ( ebs )
new name reflects refined strategy for revolutionizing broadband networks and
applications
for internal release : january 20 , 2000
houston / portland  ) enron corp ( nyse : ene ) today unveiled a new identity for
its broadband services unit , enron broadband services ( ebs ) , formerly enron
communications . the new name underscores enron  , s vision of creating a global
platform for premium broadband delivery services .
at the heart of enron broadband services  , vision are four components that
will change the way broadband applications are developed and delivered :
? the enron intelligent network ( ein ) , a state of the art high capacity fiber
optic network
? enron  , s broadband operating system ( bos )
? bandwidth intermediation for real - time bandwidth - on - demand
? enron  , s application services for managing and delivering streaming content
 & enron broadband services is uniquely positioned to lead the way in business
broadband services and applications ,  8 said ken rice , ceo of enron broadband
services .  & we see a future in which the broadband operating system has the
most applications written to it , the ein hosts more content than any other
network , and ebs is the world  , s largest aggregator of bandwidth .  8
about enron  , s solution
the enron intelligent network is based on a distributed server architecture ,
a pure internet protocol strategy , enron  , s global fiber and satellite
distribution , and the embedded software intelligence that sets it apart from
other network providers . the enron intelligent network and the enron
broadband operating sysytem enable a new breed of application services ,
called epowered services , which transport rich media and live , streaming
video , up to 50 times faster than the public internet . a carrier using enron  ,
s technology can transmit a broadcast quality 5 - gigabyte video file , such as
a full - length movie , in 16 seconds  ) something that takes seven hours on a
t - 1 line .
the enron broadband operating system provides the intelligence to the enron
intelligent network . it acts as a control system through a series of software
interfaces that connect it to all the elements of the network , both the
physical elements and the software components . the bos makes all the elements
of the network subject to dynamic change and optimization  ) a key requirement
to enabling the next generation of applications on the internet and
guaranteed quality of service . for example , the bos makes it possible to
optimize the use of bandwidth capacity and engage in bandwidth trading ,
resulting in tremendous cost - savings for companies who will only pay for the
bandwidth they use .
about enron broadband services
enron broadband services , formerly enron communications , is a leading
provider of high quality , broadband internet content and applications . the
company  , s business model combines the power of the enron intelligent network ,
broadband operating system ( bos ) , bandwidth trading and intermediation
services , and high - bandwidth applications , to fundamentally improve the
experience and functionality of the internet . enron introduces the broadband
operating system ( bos ) to allow application developers to dynamically
provision bandwidth on demand for the end - to - end quality of service necessary
to deliver broadband content . enron has also created a market for bandwidth
that will allow network providers to scale to meet the demands that
increasingly complex applications require . a wholly owned subsidiary of
enron corp . ( nyse : ene ) , enron broadband services can be found on the web at
www . enron . net .
enron corp is one of the world  , s leading electricity , natural gas and
communications companies . the company , which owns approximately $ 34 billion
in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas ,
develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers
physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers
around the world , and is developing an intelligent network platform to
facilitate online business . enron  , s internet address is www . enron . com , and
the stock is traded under the ticker symbol ,  & ene .  8