Subject: open items for var disclosure
from my review of eugenio ' s consolidated var spreadsheet , the following
listed items are those that are open that we need information from
you on . i will send a separate email that will address ecm , pge and affiliate
information . corp . is looking to type the first draft of the annual report
( to be discussed with the audit committee ) this friday , so we need your help
with this information as soon as possible . if you will not be able to have
all of the information to eugenio by thursday night , please let me know . we
may be able to give you some additional time to gather some of the smaller
pieces . if you need to forward this on to others , please do so .
aa if you know of any other issues of completeness that i have not addressed ,
please let eugenio and i know !
* why is agg _ ect and agg _ index not available for january 1999 ?
* is cuiba in esa ' s nos . is it gas or power ? what month was it first
included ? is that the trade month ?
* when did australia first have substantial activity ? for some reason , the
spreadsheet has a june number , no july or august , then september -
december . if the first half of the year has material activity , we need to
get it from them .
* has the merrill peaker transaction been calculated yet ( it was not
originally in thedpr ) ? we definitely have to have that for the dec . number .
* where is ees gas ? is it in the agg _ ect ?
* when did kinneman ' s debt activity start ? the first var that we have is
september . did it start earlier ?
* did et & s first have financial hedges in may , that is the first number that
we have ? who should i talk to there ?
* is the june and september rhythms number different that what we originally
calculated for the second and third quarter ? june must be as i recall it was
excluded at the time vs . the $ 24 mm now showing . are the differences
primarily due to the 100 % + volatility versus the 60 % + number that stinson
originally gave you ? have you asked him why he gave you what he did ? please
get jill erwin to help you revise the december number for ghost .
* there is lots of missing numbers for total return swaps . eugenio and gail
tholen to determine which swaps were in place in which months of 1999 and run
the appropriate models . if different models will need to be used in
different periods of the year for the same swap , lets get that information
out to aa and jan .