Subject: ena - tax department promotions / organization chart
i am very pleased to announce the following promotions in the ena tax
department . ( the department  , s organization chart is attached . )
morris clark : promotion to senior director . morris joined ena april 1997 .
prior to joining enron , he was an associate at bracewell & patterson for
almost four years . morris earned his law degree from tulane and llm in
taxation from nyu . prior to attending law school , morris worked for two
years at deloitte & touche .
john swafford : promotion to senior director . joined enron july 1996 . prior
to joining enron in july 1996 , worked as senior tax manager for deloitte &
touche , with prior experience with texaco . john received his bba from
university of texas at austin is a cpa .
matt gockerman : promotion to director . matt joined ena in 1997 . prior to
joining ena , matt was associated with coopers & lybrand in dallas and taft ,
stettinius & hollister , llp in cincinnati . he graduated from southern
methodist university with a bba in accounting and received his j . d . from the
university of north carolina school of law . matt is licensed as a cpa and is
also a member of the ohio bar .
rhett jackson : promotion to manager . rhett joined ena in october 1997 after
beginning his career with coopers & lybrand , llp in houston . rhett earned
his undergraduate accounting degree ( b . b . a . ) , masters of tax ( m . t . ) , and law
degree ( j . d . ) all from baylor university .
mark ng : promotion to manager . mark joined enron in september 1997 from air
liquide where he was an income tax supervisor . he is principally responsible
for management of r & a ' s federal and state income tax matters and special
projects relating to the asset companies . mark is a cpa and has a bs in
management and accounting from the university of houston .
troy kosub : promotion to tax supervisor . troy joined enron in july 1998 from
coastal corp . and will be joining our london colleagues to complete an
assignment relating to us reporting of foreign operations and other
international tax matters . troy is a cpa with a mba ( concentration in tax )
and a bba in accounting and finance both from the university of houston .
mary sontag : promotion to senior tax specialist . mary joined enron in
december 1997 and is principally responsible for the supervision of the
structured transactions and international group including the merlin
entities , enron merchant investments , sundance , east coast power , canada , and
mexico . mary graduated from southwest texas state university with a bba in
accounting .
harry kent : promotion to tax specialist . harry joined ena in january 1999
and is now principally responsible for the supervision of ena ' s federal and
state income tax matters relating to price risk management . harry is a cpa
and an attorney having graduated with a bba in accounting from texas a & m and
a jd from south texas college of law , respectively .
dan matheson : promotion to tax specialist . dan joined enron in october
1998 . dan graduated from the university of melbourne ( australia ) in 1998
with a bachelor of commerce and a bachelor of laws with honours . dan spent
the last year of his law degree studying at the university of texas law
school . dan is admitted as an attorney in the state of new york .
richard orellana : promotion to senior tax analyst . richard joined ena in
december 1998 from coastal corp . and is principally responsible for ecm
treasury , destec , ecogas and jedi related companies . richard is a cpa and
graduated from the university of houston with a bba in accounting and finance .