Subject: ena survey results
in late november , you were asked to participate in the  & excellence through
communications  8 survey . we want to thank you for your outstanding response .
48 % of ena employees spent time giving us valuable feedback regarding vision
and values . this was our best response to date . you may view the specific
data by clicking on this link .
overall , your feedback tells us that efforts in several key areas are having
an impact . they include :
? access to information
? access to and utilization of people resources
? performance management process
some areas need further understanding and alignment to create an environment
where you can achieve your personal best . they are :
? communications , especially across departments and regarding strategic
direction
? it support
? teamwork / work process
? support for expressing opinions and challenging the status quo
? leadership / management skills
? the human resources system , i . e . performance management , career
development and training
as part of ena  , s commitment to supporting the vision and values , an ena
vision and values committee has been organized to champion ongoing efforts in
this area . actions already in progress include :
? formation of focus groups , which will begin the process of clarifying
specific communications issues and providing more details around actions to
take .
? development of a management skills curriculum and programs , which will
rollout in march .
? an all - employee meeting to be held in march 2000 to discuss ena  , s
direction and address some of these issues .
? brown bag luncheons and department meetings , as well as other means to
communicate between teams and departments , will begin soon .
? understanding ena , a revised orientation , detailing the structure of our
organization and deal flow work process scheduled to begin february 24 th .
? performance management / career development activities will continue to be
monitored and appropriate actions taken as needed .
we will continue to communicate to you about further actions and activities
as they are developed . again , thank you for the time you spent completing
the survey .