Subject: unify
sally , fyi - we ' ve had many complaints and i ' ve had many discussions today
with dave n . and inja . they did discover some system board that is going to
be replaced tonight . hopefully replacing the board will do it but history
makes me skeptical that this is the sole cause for the slow performance .
needless to say we had to get settlements and volume management to stop their
work and we still didn ' t see any improvement . i know everyone is just as
frustrated as logistics . at our last several meetings to discuss this problem
i was insistent that unless they have an answer it seems to me , and the rest
of the staff , that the system just cannot support the real heavy demand that
first of month noms and the monthly close require .
i ' ve included an email i received from kathy kelly if you want some gory
detail . to save you the trouble it normally takes 2 - 3 minutes to create
nominations on the largest pipes today some have taken as long as 55
minutes .
i ' ll keep you posted - bob
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000
04 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
robert superty
02 / 28 / 2000 04 : 47 pm
to : inja chun / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : unify
fyi - inja , dave - please read kathy ' s memo below .
don ' t know what to tell them . we ' ve been down this road at the same time of
the month over and over again .
any suggestions - bob
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 02 / 28 / 2000
04 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : katherine l kelly 02 / 28 / 2000 04 : 26 pm
to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect
cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect
subject : unify
bob ,
you have probably already caught wind of this since it seems to be the only
thing anyone is talking about today , but i wanted to bring it to your
attention that unify is at an all time pathetic slowness today . basically ,
this is all i ' ve heard about today from the schedulers . clarissa has just
handed me a screen print that shows that it took 33 . 23 minutes to create a
nom on tennessee . robert has informed me that it has taken him 55 minutes to
create a nom on columbia gas . it took me over 30 minutes to log on today and
as soon as i ran a report , it kicked me out saying that i didn ' t have enough
memory .
this has always been a problem at the end of the month , but this month has
reached in all time low . i ' ve talked to dave about three or four times today
and so has ed . ed has been monitoring the system and he seems to think that
client services has been taking a large part of the cpu time . we have both
questioned dave on this , but he doesn ' t seem to see anything unusual with the
amount of users from accounting , although he does agree that a huge amount of
cpu time is being used .
i hate to end this on a negative note , but at this rate , no one will be
clean by 1 : 45 tomorrow . i don ' t know what the status is as far as people
looking into ways to make unify faster , but maybe it is time to draw some
attention to this again .
by the way , the bridge from sitara to unify has also been crawling today .
i ' ve already informed dave of this , but the bridge was totally out of
commission this past weekend as well . this effected those people who tried
to get a jump start on cleaning for the month and working on the first of the
month noms . i hate to say it , but once again , how can we expect people to
get their work done , if we don ' t give them systems that work . on a good
note , i did get feedback from clarissa that terminal server was working well
over the weekend . unfortunately , she said that unify was terribly slow , but
no slower than it is when she ' s here in the office .