Subject: status of reporting
at the request of the financial council during its last meeting , the coe
established a swat team to assist the business units in sap reporting . this
is the first of weekly status reports that we will provide .
purpose :
the team has begun to hold small , interactive workshops with production users
to :
show users how to extract data from sap by :
using on - line inquiry
using sap standard reports and
creating and modifying a variant
educate users on the sap data model and where business unit specific data
resides in sap ( which module ) .
better understand what additional reporting needs users may have .
team structure : lead : kim lesley ( consultant )
ps : andreas kraus ( coe ) , damon willis ( consultant )
fi / co : randy parman ( coe ) , esther cortes ( consultant )
education support : maria young ( coe )
the structure of the team reflects the initial focus on project and financial
reports . it has been balanced to include coe support analysts who will
provide long - term customer support plus sap consultants with deep reporting
knowledge . we will adjust the team members as appropriate to address the
material needed by the business units .
in addition to this team , susan bellinghausen and emitra nelson are
continuing their efforts on 1 / 1 , 4 / 1 and 7 / 1 report development .
progress :
to date we have held 5 workshops with the apachi and south american regions .
these workshops have been evaluated across several criteria .
on a scale of 1 - 4 ( 1 = not at all and 4 = absolutely ) , the workshops have
received an average rating of 3 . 6 in learning reports and increasing comfort
levels . the workshops are definitely providing the one on one experience
that the users are requesting . they are also seeing and learning ( hands on )
various tools that are available to them to adjust the display of reports ,
query the data from each module and analyze the data . the sessions are also
helping to remove some of the fear associated with trying things in a new
system by providing helpful tricks and hints from the experts .
however , there is still a concern about increasing the understanding of where
data resides within sap . this is reflected in the average rating to the key
question " can sap meet your needs " being only 2 . 5 . we will further explore
why the users think this is the case and what they are not getting . we are
adjusting our sessions to address this and will continue to seek feedback .
upcoming key activities :
schedule the remaining international region sessions and the eecc home office
sessions . we have the participant lists and are working on logistics .
complete the analysis of the needs of the other business units in production .
develop a process to follow up on these sessions to monitor the learning
progress of the users .
begin to evaluate a cost center reporting tool that enron europe has deployed
in london .
i would like to thank the active participation of the business units in
identifying and providing the right group of resources to the sessions . if
you have any questions or comments , feel free to address them to melissa
becker , kim lesley or myself .
greg