Subject: transitional assignments
please note this is confidential at this point !
to document what we discussed by phone , i met with sally beck and brent price
today . fernley dyson has a vacancy that he is attempting to fill , but it may
be 3 to 6 months before the position is up and running . to accomplish the
need in the meantime , sally and brent have agreed to share the duties as
follows :
brent - april 1 to june 15
sally - june 16 to august 15
they are traveling to the uk the week of 3 / 20 and would like to schedule some
time with you on either monday afternoon or wednesday . please let us know
what is good for you .
issues :
housing - they will each be bringing their families with them ( brent - spouse
and 2 small children - the baby will need a crib ; sally - husband and 3
children - ages 15 , 11 and 2 ) . i understand that the houses which have been
vacated due to returning expats have all been filled , so can you have someone
arrange for corporate housing that will accommodate them ?
immigration - due to the fact that they will be traveling back and forth and
have made trips already , i feel it would be best to apply for work permits
versus using the visa waiver . i have sent them the forms and requested that
brent complete his and file immediately to increase chances of getting his
sometime shortly after he arrives in the uk . i have informed him that he
should arrive without his family if the permit has not been received by april
1 .
tax - please confirm whether paye will need to be paid for them during the
short term assignment and then reclaimed through a treaty benefit .
benefits - i have suggested that they remain on us domestic payroll and
benefits and , if medical claims arise that exceed what they would have spent
in the us , they may claim the excess on the expense report .
per diem - we need to discuss the appropriate amount based on family size .
let me know of any other issues we need to address . as always , i appreciate
your help .
jane