Subject: re : transitional assignments
all
i have received a few notes about this since this one but i will try to
respond to all questions here . please see below responses in red :
enron capital sally - husband and 3
children - ages 15 , 11 and 2 ) . i understand that the houses which have been
vacated due to returning expats have all been filled , so can you have someone
arrange for corporate housing that will accommodate them ? i think the best
way to go here is for us to use serviced apartments as it will be very
difficult to find a lease for such a short period for this type of
accommodation . my assistant , lisa , has put a call in to a service who can
help us find serviced accommodation in south kensington / chelsea area or in
dolphin square where we have people now who are very satisfied . is there a
reason you are partial to south kensington / chelsea ? what if we find
accommodation in another nice area of london within a short commute to the
office ? when i have some options , i will let you know , probably on monday .
immigration - due to the fact that they will be traveling back and forth and
have made trips already , i feel it would be best to apply for work permits
versus using the visa waiver . i have sent them the forms and requested that
brent complete his and file immediately to increase chances of getting his
sometime shortly after he arrives in the uk . i have informed him that he
should arrive without his family if the permit has not been received by april
1 . brent ' s work permit will be submitted today and we may receive if before
april lst , but it is unlikely . the way it works for this is as follows : brent
will receive the work permit from us and if he is here , he will have to leave
the uk and enter with the work permit for it to be validated . if his family
are in houston , they will need to receive entry clearance in the us prior to
arriving in the uk . this takes approx 7 working days and they will require
either brent ' s original passport and work permit or a certified copy of each
along with other things such as marriage and birth certificates . if brent
decides to bring his family with him to london prior to receiving the work
permit , they must say they are coming on a vacation for a short period of
time and have a return ticket to back it up . once the permit is received , the
family can either travel back to houston and submit the entry clearance visas
there or they can all travel to amsterdam where they are currenlty issuing
entry clearance without a problem . there is always a small element of risk in
going to amsterdam , however , as do not have to issue the stamps there , they
just do it because they are nice ! work permits are arriving approx 4 weeks
from date of submission . we can discuss all of this on the 20 th .
tax - please confirm whether paye will need to be paid for them during the
short term assignment and then reclaimed through a treaty benefit . paye is
due after 60 days ; however , if brent and sally are really only going to be
here for approx 75 days , i am not going to inform the revenue that they are
here . if this extends beyond the set time , we can look at options but the
only responsiblility that brent and sally will have is to ensure they
complete the tax organiser in order for us to get the tax back . also , as we
would have to apply the treaty here , we need to ensure the salary costs stay
in houston . jane , have you discussed this point ?
benefits - i have suggested that they remain on us domestic payroll and
benefits and , if medical claims arise that exceed what they would have spent
in the us , they may claim the excess on the expense report . agreed .
per diem - we need to discuss the appropriate amount based on family size .
jane , please call me to discuss . i have left you a message , thanks
let me know of any other issues we need to address . as always , i appreciate
your help .
jane