Subject: re : trip to london next week
sally
thanks for the note . i will look forward to seeing you hear next week and
meeting with you in person for at least an hour or so .
john
enron capital & trade resources corp .
from : sally beck 14 / 03 / 2000 15 : 58
to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : trip to london next week
brent price and i will be in the london office next week , arriving monday
morning and returning to houston on friday . the purpose of my visit is in
regard to my global risk management operations role , i believe that rick
causey met with you regarding some operations support that brent and i will
provide to fernley during a transition period prior to the arrival and during
the assimilation of michael jordan , the jp morgan staffer that fernley has
hired . brent and i will be working with fernley next week to iron out the
details of our support for fernley during that transition period . we will
also map out an enron trading operations introduction for michael jordan ,
which may involve a short stint for him in houston . my goal is to provide a
strong resource to fernley during this transition period and to work with
fernley to provide whatever assistance , training , and orientation to michael
in his role so that his assimilation can be as smooth and effective as
possible .
another purpose for the trip is to spend some time with fernley and his
business controllers to get their ideas on specific goals that as a group we
would commit to for 2000 . i know that barry and richard sage have many good
ideas on how we can leverage knowledge and best practices across all enron
locations with trading operations . my earlier trips to london this year were
focused solely on helsinki , and did not allow time to positively focus on
leveraging worldwide operations experience . i value input from other trading
operations professionals and i look forward to the ideas that can be
generated in working with barry , richard and some of their direct reports .
i also contacted tani nath about my trip to see how i could support her as
she moves into her role in global products . i have not heard from tani , but
i understand from others that she will be in the houston office next week .
it will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip , but based on my commitments in
houston and rick causey ' s desire to move forward on providing trading
operations support to fernley , next week is the best for me to be in london .
i did meet with tani for an hour when she was here week before last and
offered to help her in any way if she made the decision to accept the role
over global products . i trust that she will contact me for that support as
needed .
i have scheduled a short meeting one on one with you while i am there to
discuss how my global role can provide support and resources for your
business efforts in london . i look forward to meeting with you next week .
this trip is not a leg of the worldwide operations / control review that we are
conducting at joe sutton ' s request . by circumstance , as you know , we have
taken a look at helsinki and subsequently oslo and frankfurt . there will be
a similar review of continental power , uk gas , uk power and global liquids .
the review teams are currently focused on operations / controls reviews of
north american locations and some entities in the us in which enron has a
large ownership position . it is likely that the continuation of this effort
in london will occur in mid april .
copies of the drafts of the findings for oslo and frankfurt were provided to
fernley as soon as the team returned to houston . we hope to finalise those
drafts this week as we receive comments from fernley and the business
managers in oslo and frankfurt to whom those drafts were provided . fernley
suggested that you would like to see the drafts as opposed to the final
copies , so i will have those forwarded to you today . the sydney and
singapore trip was a lengthy one , as it also involved a last leg of the trip
in london with regard to support for singapore . the houston team returned
the middle of last week and worked with aa on an early draft last friday . i
can also provide you with a draft of that report , the completion of which was
pending input from bill bradford early this week ( he made the trip but was
out of the office last week ) . we did do a preliminary review of the sydney
and singapore findings with rick causey and rick buy on friday afternoon , to
accommodate the fact that both are out on vacation this week . they
understood the preliminary nature of the draft that was reviewed with them .