Subject: commercial support for tokyo
joe -
i spoke w / fernley dyson , cao for ee and barry ' s current boss , and he ' s
supportive of barry ' s transfer to our region to lead the
accounting / commercial support efforts for your tokyo office . i also spoke
with barry , and he ' s excited as well . i think it ' s a done deal .
scott / michael - i told barry one of you would contact him tomorrow to discuss
the next steps re : a more standard expat package ( not the 6 month situation -
causey approved a more standard longer term expat arrangement ) , and plans to
move his family to tokyo .
the issue we need to work out is transition , and i asked barry to discuss
that with you directly , joe , and i told fernley we ' d obviously be flexible
but we ' d like him sooner rather than later . barry indicated the guy that
fernley just hired that barry was going to be reporting to is going to start
towards the end of april . so i bet they ' re going to want some overlap there ,
which puts us into end of may before barry could really move . i think we
should be able to accomodate this somewhat longer transition period with
heidi ' s help and with carol from houston if necessary , plus i told barry we ' d
want him to make at least a couple of trips over to tokyo in the interim so
he can start getting involved even before he moves over there . but it will
be important for us to understand what specifically you want accounting to
accomplish by the end of may so heidi and carol can plan how to support those
efforts while not infringing on heidi ' s responsibilities and demands in
sydney .
meanwhile , i ' ve asked hr to contact eugenio perez , sally ' s designee for the
temporary risk position , to begin those discussions , and sally said she could
address transition issues for him next week - she ' ll be in london
( scott / michael - you should probably give her a call in the london office
their monday afternoon ) . perhaps we can get eugenio over to tokyo earlier
than barry .
regards ,
cassandra .