Subject: organisational announcement .
please see the following announcement , which just went out to enron europe
niki
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nicole scott / lon / ect on 03 / 04 / 2000 17 : 32
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
fernley dyson & sally beck
03 / 04 / 2000 17 : 31
please respond to fernley dyson / lon / ect
sent by : enron europe general announcement
to : ect europe
cc :
subject : organisational announcement .
enron europe has played a vital role over the last few years in the global
expansion of enron  , s business . now we are taking a strategic role in
setting the standards for global operational performance . accordingly , we
will work closely with global risk management operations to assess our
operational policies , procedures and internal controls . this will be a
collaborative effort to establish and implement standards and measurements to
be used world - wide . this strategic initiative is critical to enron  , s
performance , in insuring that trading operations services are delivered
consistently across all commodities and all locations .
we are very pleased to announce that effective april 10 , 2000 , brent price ,
vice president of global risk management operations , will office at enron
house , reporting to both of us . brent will have the responsibility and
authority to facilitate this global initiative for enron europe . brent
brings a wealth of operational and risk experience . his most recent
assignment included heading gas operations for enron north america .
brent will have the responsibility to assist and guide us through the process
of assessment and development of global operational standards and
measurements . this will include evaluating the operational processes ,
procedures and controls for all commodities and locations managed by enron
europe . he will also advise us on any critical issues requiring immediate
action to insure that we are fully aligned in the delivery of global
consistency throughout all of our operations . he will work actively with the
operations staff in enron europe to achieve this goal .
we ask your full co - operation in supporting brent and the success of this
initiative .
we remain committed to our mutual efforts to develop our people , build
business knowledge , leverage talent across locations and insure the integrity
of our global services .
fernley dyson sally beck
vp , chief accounting officer vp , global risk management operations