Subject: financial controller job opportunity
interoffice memo
to : rick causey  , s directors , senior directors , and vice presidents
from : rick causey , enron cao
cassandra schultz , enron apachi cao
cc : scott gilchrist , enron apachi human resources
carol howes , enron apachi accounting
date : 04 / 07 / 00
re : financial controller job opportunity
we have an exciting job opportunity for a qualified individual with relevant
enron experience . enron apachi is opening a trading office in tokyo , japan ,
and we urgently need a financial controller to fill an expat assignment in
tokyo to ensure enron accounting processes and procedures and internal
controls are properly implemented . the term of the expat assignment is
negotiable and will depend on the candidate  , s situation and qualifications as
we evaluate the skill sets of personnel that will be filling risk management
and other positions . we believe the candidate should be at least a director
given the responsibilities he / she will be handling , and in fact vice
presidents have been pursued to date ; but it is possible qualified managers
may also be considered depending upon the skill sets staffing complementary
positions . this is a high profile position requiring significant daily
interaction with regional top management and with enron trading / risk
management in houston , and this position will be the top accounting and
administrative person in the tokyo trading office .
japan has captured the interest of our top management as its power markets
are deregulating , and we have communicated the opportunities for enron in
japan to our analysts , as it is one of our top focus areas for growth of our
merchant businesses internationally . active deregulation is underway with
the initial opening of the market just occurring in march 2000 . japan  , s
industrial power prices are the highest in the world so there is a market
consensus for continued energy reform - - japan is potentially one of the
largest markets outside of north america .
please see the attached job description . if you are interested in being
considered for this position , we would like to talk with you as soon as
possible as our office set - up in tokyo has already commenced . please contact
scott gilchrist , head of apachi human resources , at 713 646 7081 , or
scott . gilchrist @ enron . com . i am out on maternity leave , but will also be
happy to talk with you about the opportunity , so feel free to call me at home
at 409 321 2185 , or you can call carol howes at 713 646 7133 .