Subject: rice university : mba for executives
rice university : mba for executives
the jesse h . jones graduate school of management
rice university and the jesse h . jones graduate school of management are
offering their executive mba program at the rice campus in houston , texas .
the rice university mba executive schedule offers experienced professionals
an opportunity to cultivate a deeper understanding of business concepts ,
broader market perspectives , and strategic skills without interrupting their
careers
students selected to participate in this innovative program possess strong
quantitative skills and typically have at least ten years of relevant work
experience in which they have demonstrated their ability to solve
increasingly challenging issues .
highlights :
finance and accounting , marketing , economics , communication , information
technology , leadership , organizational behavior , entrepreneurship , and the
global business environment
concentrated class schedule of 11 mini - semesters over 21 months . classes
generally meet all day on fridays and saturdays on alternating weeks
taught by the same faculty , with the same rigorous standards as the full - time
mba program . students in both programs receive the same diploma
moderate class sizes and the students  , collective level of professional
experience enrich the learning experience
for additional information about the rice executive mba program , contact :
kay henry
program director , mba for executives
rice university executive education
jesse h . jones graduate school of management  ) ms 531
p . o . box 1892
houston , tx 77251 - 1892
713 / 527 - 6060 ; fax 713 / 285 - 5131
email : khenry @ rice . edu or oed @ rice . edu
web : http : / / www . rice . edu / execdev
for additional information about enron  , s policy on educational assistance :
web : http : / / hrweb . enron . com /
click on  & policies and guides  8 and then  & education assistance  8
for additional information about enron corp ' s organizational development and
training offerings , contact :
suzanne gruber , senior director
713 / 345 - 8314
email : suzanne . gruber @ enron . com