Subject: scheduling a meeting
sally ,
dolores muzzy , celeste roberts ' assistant was attempting to schedule a
meeting to discuss the commercial services program . the reason that dolores
is trying to schedule a meeting is follows :
( 1 ) celeste and i were scheduled to speak briefly at rick ' s staff meeting on
tuesday , april 11 th as we had at cliff baxter ' s on march 27 th . however , we
were not going to have a significant amount of time and because the
discussion may have been extensive , rick agreed that it made more sense to
schedule a meeting in which the commercial services program was the sole
topic of discussion .
( 2 ) you and i had exchanged voice mails on march 27 th , immediately after
cliff ' s staff meeting where you indicated that you had a group of individuals
who were involved in recruiting and who would like to meet with us regarding
questions about the management of the program . you indicated that you would
facilitate scheduling the meeting . however , given that i had not heard from
you and celeste had told rick we would schedule a meeting , it seemed to make
sense to combine the meetings since they would most probably include some of
the same individuals and cover the same questions .
i have no problem with you facilitating the scheduling of the meeting as you
expressed to dolores . however , given that we told rick that we would
schedule a meeting , we are just trying to make sure that it does not slip
through the cracks . we will attempt to be available whenever it is
convenient for you and the group that you wish to pull together . if you wish
to schedule a meeting immediately , our availability is as follows :
friday , april 14 th from 2 : 00 - 5 : 00 p . m .
monday , april 17 th from 9 : 30 - 11 : 30 a . m .
tuesday , april 18 th from 9 : 00 - 11 : 00 a . m . or 2 : 30 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m .
wednesday , april 19 th from 9 : 00 - 11 : 30 a . m .
if these dates don ' t work please don ' t hesitate to suggest others . we look
forward to meeting with you .
thanks
charlene
p . s . my schedule gets pretty crazy so if you could let me know as soon as
possible what date works for you i can be sure to hold the time . thanks .