Subject: texas a & m / lowry mays : mba for executives :
texas a & m university /
the lowry mays college and graduate school of business /
executive mba program
the lowry mays college and graduate school of business in conjunction with
texas a & m university are offering their executive mba program at the
university center in the woodlands . this innovative program provides the
path for working professionals to obtain the mba degree from texas a & m
university while maintaining full - time employment .
the mays executive mba program is an 18 - month program with classes meeting
from 9 : 00 a . m . to 4 : 30 p . m . on friday and saturday of alternate weekends .
there are no class meetings during the summer months . the program is
designed for professionals with significant work and managerial experience .
full time faculty from the mays graduate school of business , with outstanding
academic and industry experience , travel to the university center to deliver
the program .
the mays executive mba program is based on an innovative and exciting
curriculum . the content of the mba degree is delivered through a series of
integrated modules that have as a central theme  & the value creation
process .  8 the modules focus on current business issues from various
functional perspectives and stress the development of competencies needed by
successful managers now and into the future .
the mays executive mba program provides organizations and employees an
immediate return on their investments while preparing for issues of the
future . the learning environment stresses the understanding of the basic
principles that underlie the complexities of today ' s business environment .
teamwork and discussions with the other participants in the program provide
insights and new ideas that can be taken back to the work place .
organizations benefit as the participants bring new perspectives to their
daily responsibilities .
a new class begins each august . applications are now being accepted for the
august 2000 class .
for more information , please contact :
the mays executive mba program
phone : 888 - 551 - 9998
email : emba @ tamu . edu
for additional information about enron  , s policy on educational assistance :
web : http : / / hrweb . enron . com /
click on  & policies and guides  8 and then  & education assistance  8
for additional information about enron corp ' s organizational development and
training offerings , contact :
suzanne gruber , senior director
713 - 345 - 8314
email : suzanne . gruber @ enron . com
web : http : / / home . enron . com : 84 / training