Subject: global asset operation reorganization
in an effort to streamline the corporate center and in recognition of the
growing capabilities of enron  , s regional wholesale business , global asset
operations will be reorganized effective 1 may 2000 . our current global
asset operations functions will be decentralized and become a business unit
responsibility .
enron will continue to operate all of its facilities under standardized
guidelines and procedures and compliance will be monitored through a formal
audit program as in the past . however , our wholesale business units will
assume responsibility for operation and management of their specific power
plants and other assets .
operational energy corporation ( oec ) will become the enron corp  and john cates will lead the development support activity .
john cates  , organization will continue to provide o & m estimates and due
diligence assistance to business units . john will specifically approve o & m
estimates for corporate risk assessment decisions . jim noles and this new
group will report to the office of the chairman in enron north america .
the quality management group ( audit function ) will be assigned to the gas
pipeline group ( gpg ) . don hawkins will continue to head quality management
and will report to phil lowry , managing director , operations , gpg . in
addition to managing the global audit program , don will continue his
responsibility for standardized policies and procedures , the crisis
management program , iso 9000 certification , the positive impact program ,
operational reporting , and the asset operations website .
the environmental health and safety ( ehs ) group led by henry van will report
to mike terraso , enron  , s chief environmental officer reporting to steve
kean . as in the past , henry  , s group will continue to provide environmental
and safety support to the regional business units .
enron  , s wholesale business unit  , s can now choose from a variety of services
provided by oec . these include full turnkey o & m services , o & m estimates , due
diligence , and technical support for planned and forced outages . business
units are encouraged to take advantage of these services as they operate and
maintain the power plants in their businesses .
kurt huneke will help transition the asset operations activity as discussed
herein , while dedicating his full attention to enron wind company as its
chairman and ceo .
please join us in wishing these groups success .