Subject: show your longhorn pride !
dear fellow longhorn :
as enron prepares to meet the challenges and opportunities of the 21 st
century , it is critical that the best and brightest graduates from the
university of texas continue to consider enron as one of their most
compelling career opportunities .
while enron  , s commitment to ut is solid , we as alumni must work together to
forge stronger ties to our alma mater . please take a role in recruiting new
employees from the university of texas , mentoring associates and analysts and
providing financial support . enron is pleased to match your contribution
dollar for dollar  ) up to $ 15 , 000 per employee annually through our matching
gift program !
if you are already contributing via our payroll deduction program  ) thank
you ! if you would like to join the many enron alumni who support ut , now is
the perfect time to start ! if you would like to increase your contribution
or enroll in the payroll deduction program , please complete a new pledge card
available on - line .
community relations has greatly simplified the giving and matching gift
process . your pledge card gift will automatically be matched without
submitting a separate matching gifts form whether you choose to sign up for
the payroll deduction program or attach a check . participating in enron  , s
monthly payroll deduction plan is the quickest and easiest way to contribute !
if you prefer to contribute on your own via check , please make sure that you
take advantage of enron  , s matching gift program by completing a matching gift
form .
pledge cards and matching gift forms are available on - line in the  & gifts ,
grants and giving  8 section of the community relations intranet site
http : / / home . enron . com / cr / giving / university . please forward all completed
pledge cards and matching gift forms to vanessa bob at eb 2019 .
again , thank you for your support . working together gives us an opportunity
to enrich the educational experiences of current longhorns and ensure that
enron has a competitive talent pool from which to recruit its future leaders .
sincerely ,
rick causey
evp and cao