Subject: summary of april 19 vision and values meeting
per brian ' s request , see below .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom shelton / hou / ect on 04 / 21 / 2000 09 : 51 am
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
brian redmond
04 / 21 / 2000 09 : 30 am
to : billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , elisabeth mccabe / corp / enron @ enron , tom
shelton / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : summary of april 19 vision and values meeting
tom , can you forward to the rest of theena v & v team .
thanks ,
brian
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brian redmond / hou / ect on 04 / 21 / 2000 09 : 29
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
gina taylor @ ees
04 / 20 / 2000 03 : 03 pm
to : v & v task force
cc :
subject : summary of april 19 vision and values meeting
team ,
great meeting yesterday . thanks for your participation . there ' s lots of
great things going on throughout the organization !
below summarizes the key points of our april 19 meeting :
executive committee update
our meeting with the executive committe to provide an update on vision and
values is scheduled for monday , may 15 at 11 : 45 for 30 minutes in the
boardroom . presenters include george wasaff , craig sutter , kirk mcdaniel ,
dave schafer , brian redmond , dick amabile , rachael tobor , gina taylor / beth
tilney and cindy olson . each presenter is responsible for presenting the
key points / accomplishments of their sub - committee .
presenters , please review your section of the presentation and " tighten " it
up . each topic should have only 1 slide . submit your changes to me by
tuesday , april 26 .
an updated presentation will be emailed to the team by friday , april 28 .
during the week of may 1 - may 5 , each v & v rep should meet with their
executive committee member to provide an overview of what will be presented
on may 15 .
please provide any feedback as a result of these meetings to me by monday ,
may 8 .
ken , jeff , and joe will receive the final presentation by wednesday , may 10 .
excellence through communication
each business unit / global function provided an update on action plans and
feedback to the etc survey . at a glance , all of the business units / global
functions find value in the custom questions . also , mail lists for the
october 2000 survey need to be updated and the ease of accessing the survey
needs to be consistent across business units / global functions .
dick amabile will summarize the update and forward it to all of the members
of the task force .
in the june v & v meeting , we will link up with the etc survey team to begin
discussions for the october 2000 survey .
sub - committe updates
p & d
please work with your business unit / global function to identify pilots .
please contact kirk mcdaniel ( x 368251 ) or dick amabile ( x 33972 ) with ideas
for pilots .
the team is currently working the ad agency on how to communicate the
benefits and use of this tool with employees .
the team is also considering changing the name from participation & dissent .
communication training
work continues to enroll vp ' s and above in the executive impact & influence
course . as of 4 / 19 , 179 people ( 54 % ) have enrolled in the course with 150
( 46 % ) people not currently enrolled .
the on - line basic communication course is on schedule with plans to offer the
course to employees during the 2 nd quarter of 2001 .
communication tools
results of the email survey and best practice interviews were communicated to
the group . action items are currently being developed and implemented based
on the survey feedback .
internal communication campaign
the campaign will formally launch on may 8 with a voicemail from ken lay to
employees . we ' re also working on a short video of ken to post on iptv on the
intranet .
elevator monitors will be installed in the elevators over the next 6 - 8 weeks
with a target launch date of 6 - 18 . the monitors will display live video ,
corporate announcements , and vision and values messaging along with other
employee communication .
best companies initiative
an analysis of enron ' s 2000 survey results was presented .
an employee letter from the office of the chairman was recommended to be
forwarded to those employees reaching career milestones ( 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25
years of service ) . please forward any changes to that letter to gina taylor
by friday , april 28 .
thanks again for a great meeting .
gina