Subject: book - split update 4 / 25 / 2000
as we are nearing the deadline for the book - split project , i want to give you
a status update .
book - split
completed
separate cash & term books have been setup in enpower and global databases
for every country
pablo pissanetzky has written code to successfully transfer over 99 % of the
deals into their proper regional books
two dozen deals ( mainly annuities ) have been modified in production to
transfer according to pablo ' s code
all deals requiring manual intervention on go live date have been identified
initial position report has been developed and tested for accuracy
uncompleted
communication to commercial of positions ( wed . april 26 )
presentation of the position report which allows commercial to view monthly
peak / off - peak volumes by region ( wed . april 26 )
pcs by deal for each portfolio
separate dprs and associated reports for the pool and bilateral portfolios
modifications necessary for the settlements invoicing system
transmission
we are making progress on this effort although you have not seen any hard
evidence . zhiyong wei is the it director in houston who is responsible for
enpower development . we are working with pablo and zhiyong on several
possibilities . as we have previously discussed , there is not the current
capability to value the spreads as options , but we are testing the other
scenarios .
buy / resale
this deal type has been disabled
we are waiting for zhiyong ' s response as to its future functionality if any
transmission
pablo tested in the stage environment today after receiving minor assistance
from zhiyong
ability to book transmission deal without annuity leg
ability to liquidate demand charge daily
reflects long and short positions at the appropriate regions ( as forwards not
options )
does not value the forward spread between the regional curves ( still testing )
variable cost treatment is still being tested
forwards
if deep in the money , we could enter intra - desk / inter - desk deals to reflect
positions and p & l
much time and it development resources have been spent to make use of the
transmission functionality . after speaking with zhiyong , there evidently was
a big push last year for the mtm of transmission . the latest version has
been in the test environment for some time , but no one is currently testing
it . it will take some attention to test it properly and will not be complete
by the book - split deadline .
as we established in our last meeting , the mtm of transmission is a separate
project from the book - split . due to the complexity and amount of data
involved in the book - split project itself , it is advisable that we
incorporate the transmission second . further testing of the transmission
will continue this week and by the end of the week we should have a decision
on the most effective way to currently book transmission .
please call or come by if you have any questions ,
todd hall