Subject: fwd : gbn meeting , 09 april 2000
this is a reminder of the gbn steering committee meeting this sunday , 4 : 30 pm
at guadalajara .
looking forward to seeing you ,
glenn .
gbn steering committee meeting , 09 april 2000
may 17 th speaker - no sponsor . we decided against having a cover charge and to
use gbn funds . we felt a cover might reduce attendance and wanted to keep the
speaker series free for attendees . a $ 10 cover wouldn ' t cover all of the
expenses anyway and we felt it would create a bad impression . deed vest of
rockwell international has confirmed availability for the date . carolyn is
handling the set up .
september 20 th houston ' s economy panelpaul murphy , southwest bank of texas :
confirmed with sponsorshipshirley delibero , metro : unconfirmed , should hear
something this weekrobert duncan , transwestern real estate : confirmedharvey
bunce , ut galveston med center : : need someone . roger ,
any interest at compaq ? energy : need someone . sally , any interest at enron ?
moderator : ut professor michael brandl , ph . d .
i will be contacting the tbn and see if they would also like to attend . this
will be a gbn event , but we will invite the tbn .
june 25 th astros night v . san franciscoaccording to chrissy , the plans
include a ticket to the ? game , dinner at zydeco ' s and a trolley ride from
zydeco ' s to the new enron field . all this for only $ 25 / person ! chrissy , if
you have the info , let ' s try to get it on the may 17 th event mailing .
summer 2000 family eventseveral members have expressed interest in a family
event . chrissy and i are looking into theater under the stars ( miller outdoor
theater ) . gbn will buy soft drinks and attendees will bring their own picnic
dinner .
next meeting - sunday , may 7 th @ 4 : 30 pm at guadalajara .
as you find out information for the events on which you are working , please
email chris and i to keep us up to date . thank you for your help . your work
is appreciated .
glenn . - -