Subject: re : move
sally ,
the may 18 th date is locked in stone . we have already reserved seats on a
continental flight @ noon thursday , may 18 . it ' s unfortunate that mark was
not kept up to date , but we have only moved back the date 1 time due to the
may day riots . tom and i have been in constant contact and we have confirmed
the move - out date . the book - split project will be implemented tomorrow and i
will spend the next few days ensuring that the traders understand how to book
their deals and that risk is able to generate and explain the dpr on a timely
basis . also , while i am here i plan to meet with the weather derivatives
team to assess their needs and gain an understanding of their markets .
this project will not drag on day - by - day as mentioned below . there is much
more that can be done , but that is out of the scope of this project ; besides
i am ready to come home .
have a good weekend ,
todd
enron north america corp .
from : sally beck 05 / 05 / 2000 11 : 46 am
to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : move
fyi - sounds as if we can ' t delay tom ' s residence in the flat any longer . we
have pushed the date several times . if there are some other delays , you may
want to consider flying back with your family back to houston , and then
returning on your own to finish the project . you could stay in a hotel from
that time period . what do you think ? can we assure tom that you will be out
of the flat by the 18 th of may ? - - sally
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 05 / 05 / 2000 11 : 42 am
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
enron capital i
didn ' t realize you were not aware of the situation .
richard , iain and i had agreed that it made sense for me and iain to overlap
a week either in london or houston . since i had commitments in houston up
through last week , we decided to overlap in houston and for me to start in
london on may 8 th .
sally beck then approached us about letting todd extend his stay in the flat
an extra week since his project was not wrapping up on schedule and since he
had his whole family with him , so we offered to push my move back one more
week , to may 15 th .
todd intended to be out of the flat by thursday , may 11 , but apparently his
plans included working the last weekend of april . having lost that weekend
since the london office was closed in anticipation of may day riots , he now
wants to stay until thursday , may 18 .
originally , he suggested that his family would probably return to the u . s .
the week of may 8 th with or without him , so i had proposed that we finalize
my plans around his leaving on may 11 , and he relocate to a hotel if he
needed to stay longer . now , though , his family has decided to stick it out
with him instead of returning early .
unless somebody dictates an absolute move - out date to him , i guess we work
around his * tentative * plan to vacate the flat by may 18 and we target may 22
as my start date in london . my only concern though , is that his project may
continue to drag on day - by - day .
tara needs two full working days to clean the flat , which means thursday and
friday , which gives me saturday and sunday to move in . ( depending on how
strict " two full working days " is , we may actually need for him to be out no
later than wednesday , may 17 - - or even wednesday , may 10 . )
cheers ,
tom x 33926
enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe
from : mark pickering 05 / 03 / 2000 12 : 22 pm
to : tom e moore / hou / ect @ ect
cc : beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect
subject : move
tom ,
i just heard today that you ' re not arriving until the 18 th as todd hall is in
the apartment . please let me know what is going on - this is the first i
heard , and i think its a bit late considering i thought you ' d be here today
! ! ! !
mrp