Subject: jennifer bagwell - resume
jennifer was referred to me by my cousin . i met her today and she seems like
a very sharp person . she is interested in ebs , but is open to other
opportunities . i told her about your group , and she was definitely
interested . i told her about strategic initiatives , but if you explained
some of the other areas in your group , she might also be interested .
i will be sending her resume to several people , but i think you should talk
to her based on the needs you continue to describe for your group . feel free
to call her or email her at the addresses below . also , if there are any
other people in north america i should send this to , please tell me . with
some experience , i think she could do trading or origination , too .
call me if you have any questions !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa becker / corp / enron on 05 / 09 / 2000
12 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" jennifer bagwell " on 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 41 : 14 pm
to : melissa . becker @ enron . com
cc :
subject : jennifer bagwell - resume
dear melissa ,
i am a friend mark and lynn richards through a family connection in the
carolinas . mark suggested that i contact you . through my own research and
recommendations from peers , i am truly interested in exploring employment
opportunities at enron . i am scheduled to meet with david chang this
wednesday in order to discuss possibilities in the broadband area . if you
are available in the near - term , i would very much appreciate a few minutes
of your time in order to discuss other logical opportunities for someone
with my work experience and educational background .
i am attaching my resume ; however , in summary , i am currently working in
corporate planning and development at reliant energy . my responsibilities
include the analysis of potential mergers , acquisitions , and divestitures .
in addition , i work with each business unit within reliant energy in order
to create a strategic , long - term forecast for the company , incorporating
such uncertainties as deregulation in the texas electricity markets . prior
to reliant energy , i worked as a financial analyst for esso caribbean and
central america in miami , florida . my direct responsibilities included
financial reporting and profitability analyses for esso affiliates operating
in the caribbean and latin america . i am also a 1997 graduate of
thunderbird with a concentration in finance and a regional focus on latin
america .
please e - mail or call me at your convenience . my numbers are 713 - 207 - 3609
( w ) and 713 - 666 - 7287 ( h ) . thank you very much and i look forward to hearing
from you . jennifer bagwell
( please let me know if you have any trouble with the attached document . you
may have to use the " shrink to fit " option in " print preview " of word for it
to print correctly on one page . )
get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com
- jennifer bagwell _ 041300 . doc