Subject: action plan
sally
thank you for taking the time to see me when i was in houston , and for lunch .
i am working on a detailed comprehensive plan of action to enact the changes
we discussed re the settlement and confirmations procedures transfer . due to
the volume of work that was on my desk upon my return this is not coming
together quite as quickly as i would like and therefore we are going to have
to look at it piece by piece .
we need to issue a new authorised signatory list this week for enron
australia energy and enron australia finance pty ltd due to changes in the
dealer structure and therefore we have decided that this would be a good
opportunity to make the change to the approval of confirmations .
as agreed , we will have sydney office take over responsibility for signing
all confirmations . this means they are still prepared in sydney , as they are
now , with the change of procedure being that they will now be signed in
sydney and faxed from here to our clients . the primary signatories will be
the managing director ( paul quilkey ) or the chief financial officer ( heidi
mason ) . in the event of both being unavailable they will be signed by the
senior legal counsel ( david minns ) .
the confirmation log will be maintained in its entirety by sydney office and
will be held in a directory accessible by houston . this will allow
independent audit review to occur as required .
in order to implement this change we have prepared a new authorised
signatories list which we are planning to distribute at the end of this week .
in the meantime could you please advise of what action needs to be taken in
houston to ensure all the relevant areas are advised . clearly a key
individual will be sue frusco . when i met with sue in houston we discussed
briefly the fact that you and i had agreed that invoicing and confirmations
would move to sydney but at that stage there was no timing raised . sue seemed
happy to stay with the current arrangements until such time as we implemented
a change . do you want me to advise sue or will someone from houston speak to
her ?
thanks
heidi