Subject: re : enron trading
sally ,
thanks a lot . please let me know her extension as soon as she gets one and i
will then talk to her . my contact numbers are 91 22 2881788 ( office ) and
91 98202 82571 ( mobile ) .
thanks and regards .
to : milind laad / enron _ development @ enron _ development
cc :
subject : re : enron trading
my new employee who will be working with me on global standards for
operations for all trading / origination locations started with enron
yesterday . her name is shona wilson , and i do not know her extension . she
was in orientation yesterday , and i will be meeting with her today from 9 : 30
to 10 : 30 to discuss her initial assignments , of which working with india is
one . i will have her contact you later today . although she is new to
enron , she has had extensive experience with price waterhouse coopers in
internal audit , controls and process redesign for trading firms , both in the
us and in europe . she will work with other seasoned professionals on my team
to set up the infrastructure that is needed in india . - - sally
to : wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect
cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , bill gathmann / enron _ development @ enron _ development
subject : re : enron trading
wanda / sally ,
can i talk to the person sometime today or tomorrow ? . please provide me with
the name and tel no . thanks and regards .
milind
wanda curry @ ect
19 - 05 - 2000 08 : 49 pm
to : milind laad / enron _ development @ enron _ development
cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : enron trading
i had a chance to review your presentation . bill and i have been working
with sally beck , global energy ops and she will identify a resource to help
insure all internal controls ( specific to trading activities ) are in place
in india . as i understand the plan for coal , india will function mostly as
an origination unit with the london office being responsible for supplying
the coal . therefore , the net enron position will probably be carried in the
london books . however , risk books will still be required in india to
determine the net mtm for the 3 rd party sales commitments in india . these
books should include both the intercompany purchase from london and the 3 rd
party sales . the commercial group in india will be responsible for local
curves ( location ( basis ) specific - usually transportation costs ) , and
energy operations ( this will probably be you initially until the trading
activity has grown ) will be responsible for the deal capture process
( including contract administration ) , a settlement process and risk management
administration ( daily valuation and reporting of risk books ) . accounting
will be responsible for the reconciliation of risk books to the general
ledger and financials . there will also be a logistics process . the
following questions need to be addressed :
with the increased coal volumes will an increase in trading limits be
required ?
my understanding that the london coal group will be responsible for
determining this and working with ted murphy to change the
policy , if necessary .
what trading activities will be performed in india vs . london ?
the answer to this is needed to determine the control infrastructure
required for the india office .
sally ' s employee starts on monday , i will let you know who she is and
arrange a call . you can rest assured , that although this may seen
complicated ( and it is ) , sally ' s energy ops team will be able to hold your
hand all the way through this process . it will be critical that we
demonstrate the control infrastructure is in place , before we can obtain
sigh - off for trading from rick buy .
looking forward to helping you get this ready for a july 1 start date .
thanks ,
wanda curry
to : wanda curry @ ect
cc : bill gathmann / enron _ development @ enron _ development
subject : enron trading
wanda ,
it was nice talking to you on the conference call . have you had a chance to
review my presentation ? . your comments would be extremely helpful to me . when
we setup the risk / credit / accnt / mis / internal control function , i want to make
sure we do it right the first time , keeping in mind that there is always room
for improvement later .
in addition , i would like to discuss with you certain thought i have on the
accounting , budgeting , internal controls and internal audit areas in eipl . do
you plan to travel to india in the near future . please let me know .
thanks and regards .