Subject: people to consider recruiting
as requested , i ' ve created a list of people who :
have mentioned to me that they are interested in changing careers / companies or
i think would be a great asset to enron .
i ' ve jotted down what i know about each person and i hope you find it
useful . i ' ve organized it from most experienced to least experienced . if
you would like to talk me about any of these people or ask me to contact
them , just let me know .
andy dunn - until 2 weeks ago he was a director in the pwc risk management
practice . due to a falling out between andy and the partners ( not client
related ) , he left the firm . he is extremely well respected by both the audit
and the non - audit personnel , and his leaving came as an unexpected surprise .
i have worked with him on a number of occasions and would highly recommend
him to enron . the downside to andy is that he lives in denver , is used to
travelling a lot , but , at the last time we spoke ( a few months ago ) , is not
interested in leaving denver . his cell phone ( if still in use ) is 303 807
0040 .
mark ( allan ) smith - mark is in the pwc energy risk management practice in
houston . we worked very closely together throughout 1999 on projects for
coral energy and equiva trading . prior to working at pwc , mark was at bp for
15 years where he had many different roles ( he worked as a crude trader ,
products trader , he worked in the risk management department , in the refinery
itself as an engineer ) . mark was excellent to work with . clients are
extremely impressed with his knowledge and background . i would highly
recommend him for a leadership role at enron . i spoke to him yesterday and
he is interested in talking with you . his direct number is 713 356 4233 .
his cell phone number is 713 412 3890 .
alan beaton - senior manager kpmg ' s systems control group ( irm ) . he works
with my husband . i know him on a personal basis . he is trying to find
opportunities outside of the audit / consulting area ( general line 713 319
2000 ) .
marilyn chee - she currently works for equiva trading , manager in - charge of
accounting for derivatives . her role has expanded to encompass fas 133 and
all mtm accounting entries . she liases with all book heads ( crude and all
products ) . in the past , she worked in the texaco internal audit department .
she was my main contact at equiva when i was at pwc . she is extremely
diligent and very professional . i enjoyed working with her greatly and have
to say she was one of the best people i have worked with in the capacity of a
client / professional relationship . marilyn has a lot of responsibilities at
the alliance and is extremely well respected . she has had a difficult year
as she is doing a job that should be done by 3 + people . she has mentioned to
me that she is not happy about the fact that her load continues to increase ,
and has even mentioned finding another job . however , due to the fact that
she is so well respected where she is , she may be difficult to recruit ( 713
277 6280 ) . if you contact her i would not want my name associated with it
due to the pwc / alliance relationship .
rebecca crider - she has been working at coral energy for approximately a
year , reporting to the vp of risk control . before that she was an audit
manager at aa . i have worked with her briefly and she seemed very
conscientious . i do not know if she is looking or not , but its worth a try !
( 713 230 3000 general line ) .
kim nelson - she is a manager in the risk group at aa , and just transferred
over from kpmg . i have not met her , but i did hear that she is not doing
what she had expected at aa . i don ' t know her number but you could reach her
at the general aa line .
kevin schroder - audit manager at kpmg in the energy department . i do not
know him , but do know he is looking for opportunities outside the
audit / consulting area ( general line 713 319 2000 ) .
keith considine - he is currently a senior accountant at pwc . he is the best
senior pwc houston has , as well as probably one of the best people i have
ever worked with ( the top of his class ) . although he only has 4 years of
work experience ( all at pwc ) , he performs in a manager capacity . he worked
for me on the coral energy audit engagement and received an excellent
evaluation from both myself and the partners ( we all agreed that he is one of
the best people any of us have seen or worked with ) . he is currently working
on a project at one of pwc ' s clients to standardize their mid office
processes . he definitely does not see himself as a long time employee of
pwc , but is currently planning on staying there until he is promoted to
manager . i actually recommended him for a promotion to manager at july 1
this year , but due to capacity issues , i don ' t expect that the promotion will
be approved . since i ' ve only been with enron a short time and would like to
continue good relations with pwc , i would appreciate whoever contacts keith
to elude that it is someone else other than myself who gave you his name . his
number is 713 356 5617 .
dave simpson - analyst at koch energy in houston , has a degree in accounting
and has work experience of about 9 months . he is very interested in leaving
koch . i know him on a person basis , but have not worked with him . he is a
good guy and very likeable . i don ' t have his phone number , but should be
reachable through the general number for koch .
admin assistants
connie shugart - she is currently working at pwc as an administrative
assistant . she is also involved in recruiting experienced personnel for
pwc ' s audit and internal audit service lines . she is very interested in
enron and has asked me a few times to get her a contact here . i have not
worked directly with her but due to her close proximity to my office i talked
to her a number of times and was very impressed . ( 713 356 4000 - general pwc
number ) .
ellen robertson - she is an administrative assistant who is looking to leave
pwc . i have never worked with her , but she did come to ask me my opinion on
how she should go about finding other work . ( 713 356 4000 pwc general line ) .