Subject: mid - year 2000 performance review process
as we move into the spring / summer of 2000 , it is time to turn our attention
to the performance review process . mid - year is always busy and we have a
number of important tasks and projects in process . while recognizing this ,
it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gather
necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our
employees , as well as utilize this information during the year end review
process .
in the spirit of one enron , the performance review process ( prc ) will be
global for mid - year 2000 . vice presidents and above across all operating
companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with
identical criteria . ena will review all professional level and above
employees . the timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined at
the end of this memo . your hr business consultant is also available to
answer questions .
with regards to the global functions , review sessions will be led by the
global and / or corporate functional heads , and will be designed to calibrate
personnel within these areas of expertise . the global functional review
areas include :
_ networks / technology
_ accounting
_ rac
_ finance
_ human resources
_ public relations & reg affairs g . whalley
r . causey
r . buy
a . fastow
c . olson
s . kean
ena mid - year process :
ena has received favorable feedback on the review process used for mid - year
and year - end 1999 , and as such , will follow the same general guidelines and
process for mid - year 2000 . the following are key features of the mid - year
2000 process :
o the focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects ,
as opposed to quantitative . toward this end , communication of the employee  , s
explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manager .
o initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments , are
highly encouraged , prior to the business review meetings .
o mid - year performance results will be used as baseline performance
information for year - end 2000 .
o creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups .
o standardization of criteria for all peer groups .
o utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale .
o all exempt employees will be discussed at business review meetings and
placed into one of six categories by peer group . ena vp ' s will be pre - ranked
by the ena office of the chairman and managing directors prior to the enron
prc . non - exempt ( overtime eligible ) employees will be evaluated by their
supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories . the results of the
business review meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees
below vp , subject to ena office of the chairman .
o a minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be
required at the business review meetings . the meetings should otherwise be
rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place . the
nominated individuals are illustrated below .
o the top 5 hr priorities / challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at the
business review meetings .
o analysts and associates will be pre - reviewed in a business review meetings
based on their current rotation , then cross - calibrated at the enron global
analyst and associate business review meeting .
peer groups :
commercial
commercial support
technical
specialized technical
performance criteria ( for all peer groups ) :
innovation / entrepreneurship
communication / setting direction
teamwork / interpersonal
leadership / vision / values
business instinct
analytical / technical
guidelines :
o use of multiple sources of input is encouraged ( employee , peers , direct
reports , internal customers , external customers ) , as is a self - evaluation
o employees should recommend 5 - 10 reviewers to supervisor and supervisor
should select at least three of the employee  , s recommendations
o all feedback must be entered via the performance management system located
on the intranet
o supervisor should consolidate the feedback , prepare a draft of the
performance review form and meet with the employee prior to the business
review meeting
o final feedback to exempt employee follows the july 28 th meeting
o for vp ' s & md ' s , final feedback follows the enron executive committee
meeting
business review meetings / vp pre - ranking committee meeting
responsibilities / actions :
the following list represents suggested groups and the individuals
responsible for each business review meeting . attendees at the meetings are
appropriate supervisors within the business unit . in addition , the office of
the chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level
representatives from other business units to add external perspective .
area / function ena lead global / functional lead * required non - functional attendees
commercial
trading presto dietrich
shankman calger
lavorato bowen
mcclellan ajello
hickerson delainey
belden
origination redmond shankman
dietrich mcclellan
milnthorp belden
calger presto
donahue delainey
bowen lavorato
ajello
duran
ondarza
malcolm
overdyke
thompson / josey
yzaguirre
finance ( * ) jakubik fastow
commercial support
technical
specialized technical
legal haedicke
research kaminski
rac buy
technical miller / parquet
energy operations ( * ) beck causey colwell
oxley
business analysis & reporting / tax ( * ) colwell causey beck
mintz
human resources ( * ) oxley olson
public relations ( * ) palmer kean
networks / technology ( * ) perlman whalley / mcconnell
( * ) note : global functional review meetings to be held for these areas .
ena vp pre - ranking committee :
ray bowen mark frevert dan leff ( non ena rep ) david oxley
dave delainey brian redmond george mcclellan mark haedicke
janet dietrich julia murray jeff shankman gary hickerson
jeff donahue jere overdyke marty sunde ( non ena rep ) john lavorato
outcomes of business review meetings / vp pre - ranking committee meetings :
o calibration of employees into six gradations
o promotion nominations below vp
o assessment of the  & right people in the right jobs  8
o assessment of gaps for what is needed in the business unit ( skills ,
capabilities , training ,
experience )
o top five hr challenges
o feedback to employees on the results of the meetings , as applicable
timeline
pep system open for feedback may 17
pep system closes for feedback june 9
feedback collection / initial employee may 17 - june 12
discussions
global functional review meetings june 12 - june 16
ena business review meetings june 12 - july 25
ena vp pre - ranking committee meeting july 28
enron executive committee meeting july 31 - aug . 1