Subject: listing of possible recruits
here is a revised summary of the 13 candidates i sent to tony vasut . i
believe he has made initial contact with each of them . if you decide you
would like to talk to them , please don ' t mention my name , as some of them are
former clients of mine , used to work with me , or still work with my husband
( i think you get the picture - i ' ve been gone from pwc less than a month ) .
however , i would be pleased to talk to you about any of the people mentioned
below .
i have categorized them into 5 categories - senior level , it / risk , mid level ,
junior level , and admin assistants . i have not spoken to the majority of
these people about giving our recruiting department their name ( see note
above ) , with the exception of mark smith , dave simpson , and connie shugart .
all of these people have indicated great interest in coming to enron .
again , please call me with any questions , or need of further info . my
extension is 39123 .
best regards
shona
senior level risk people
andy dunn
until 3 weeks ago he was a director in the pwc risk management practice . due
to a falling out between andy and the partners ( not client related ) , he left
the firm . he is extremely well respected by both the audit and the non - audit
personnel , and his leaving came as an unexpected surprise . i have worked
with him on a number of occasions and would highly recommend him to enron .
the downside to andy is that he lives in denver , is used to travelling a lot ,
but , at the last time we spoke ( a few months ago ) , is not interested in
leaving denver . his cell phone ( if still in use ) is 303 807 0040 .
mark ( allan ) smith
mark is in the pwc energy risk management practice in houston . we worked
very closely together throughout 1999 on projects for coral energy and equiva
trading . prior to working at pwc , mark was at bp for 15 years where he had
many different roles ( he worked as a crude trader , products trader , he worked
in the risk management department , in the refinery itself as an engineer ) .
mark was excellent to work with . clients are extremely impressed with his
knowledge and background . i would highly recommend him for a leadership role
at enron . i spoke to him and he is interested in pursuing opportunities at
enron . his direct number is 713 356 4233 . his cell phone number is 713 412
3890 .
it / risk people
shawn lafferty , alan beaton , & carolyn johnson
these people are all senior managers in kpmg ' s information risk management
department and are all looking for opportunities outside kpmg . they all have
8 + years work experience in the it field . kpmg ' s main number is 713 319 2000 .
mid level risk people
marilyn chee
she currently works for equiva trading , manager in - charge of accounting for
derivatives . her role has expanded to encompass fas 133 and all mtm
accounting entries . she liases with all book heads ( crude and all
products ) . in the past , she worked in the texaco internal audit department .
she was my main contact at equiva when i was their auditor . she is extremely
diligent and very professional . i enjoyed working with her greatly and have
to say she was one of the best people i have worked with in the capacity of a
client / professional relationship . marilyn has a lot of responsibilities at
the alliance and is extremely well respected . she has had a difficult year
as she is doing a job that should be done by 3 + people . she has mentioned to
me that she is not happy about the fact that her load continues to increase ,
and has even mentioned finding another job . however , due to the fact that
she is so well respected where she is , she may be difficult to recruit ( 713
277 6280 ) . if you contact her i would not want my name associated with it
due to the pwc / alliance relationship .
scott barnes
scott is an audit manager at pwc . he has worked in energy for his career ,
which he spent in houston and moscow and new york . he has worked as an audit
manager , a special projects manager for the managing partner of the houston
office , a manager in the capital markets group ( the group responsible for
helping non - us companies prepare to register and list with the sec ) , and the
transaction support group ( the group that is resposnible for performing due
diligence procedures for pwc clients ) . he is looking for opportunities
outside pwc . the pwc general line is 713 356 4000 .
keith considine
he is currently a senior accountant at pwc . he is the best senior pwc
houston has , as well as probably one of the best people i have ever worked
with ( the top of his class ) . although he only has 4 years of work experience
( all at pwc ) , he performs in a manager capacity . he worked for me on the
coral energy audit engagement and received an excellent evaluation from both
myself and the partners ( we all agreed that he is one of the best people any
of us have seen or worked with ) . he is currently working on a project at one
of pwc ' s clients to standardize their mid office processes . he definitely
does not see himself as a long time employee of pwc , but is currently
planning on staying there until he is promoted to manager . i actually
recommended him for a promotion to manager at july 1 this year , but due to
capacity issues , i don ' t expect that the promotion will be approved . his
number is 713 356 5617 .
junior level risk people
robin manspeaker
currently works as a scheduler at equiva trading . she has been there about a
year and a half . before that , she worked at novarco in white plains ( a
subsidiary of marc rich ) . she was there about 3 years . i do not know where
she was before that . i have worked with her during my audits of marc rich .
she seemed very well versed in her knowledge of her job and processes
surrounding it . i do not have her number , but you can call shell information
at 713 241 6161 and they will transfer you .
dave simpson
analyst at koch energy in houston , has a degree in accounting and has work
experience of about 2 years . he is very interested in leaving koch . i know
him on a person basis , but have not worked with him . he is a good guy and
very likeable . his phone number is 713 544 7649
robert hernandez
is someone who may be able to fill an open position at enron south america .
last year , robert worked for me at ( pwc ) on the
external audit of coral energy . he was a great worker and very good at his
job . he speaks fluent spanish as well as fluent english .
before working at pwc , robert worked in the gas trading industry in the
mid / back office . i ' m not sure of all of his responsibilities , but i do know
he was involved in gas actualizations . in total , i think he has about 4 years
of work experience .
he left pwc in march to take a position with heins in their internal audit
department . i have not spoken to him since he left , but do know he paid a
recruiter to find him this position . i do not know if he is happy at his
current company or not .
i do not know his number , but he can surely be found by using the general
line . i looked it up for you and came up with two - 713 785 1494 , 713 225
0565 .
admin assistants
connie shugart
she is currently working at pwc as an administrative assistant . she is also
involved in recruiting experienced personnel for pwc ' s audit and internal
audit service lines . she is very interested in enron and has asked me a few
times to get her a contact here . i have not worked directly with her but due
to her close proximity to my office i talked to her a number of times and was
very impressed . ( 713 356 4000 - general pwc number ) . i have spoken to her
about giving her name to tony and she is very excited about coming over and
interviewing . she really wants to work for enron !
ellen robertson
she is an administrative assistant who is looking to leave pwc . i have
never worked with her , but she did come to ask me my opinion on how she
should go about finding other work . ( 713 356 4000 pwc general line ) .