Subject: re : weekly update on mg aquisition and assimilation
sally -
i will gladly include you on the distribution of the weekly status on the mg
acquisition and integration and instruct esther gerratt to add your name to
the list .
i concur that brent ' s return to houston will create a potential information
gap that even the best of weekly reports won ' t fill . i think we may have an
opportunity to keep your information level high and address my need to assess
mg ' s remote offices . if brent were to linger in london for a few more
months , we could lay out a program to assess mg ' s 24 offices around the world
and benchmark their compliance with risk policies + procedures . brent ' s
background and recent experience with doorstep give him strong credentials
for doing the job . i haven ' t discussed this with mg ' s management , but it
seems to be the right kind of activity for a new owner to undertake . what
are your thoughts ?
enron capital & trade resources corp .
from : sally beck 13 / 06 / 2000 19 : 57
to : eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect
cc : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect
subject : weekly update on mg aquisition and assimilation
i have heard through the grapevine that you produce a weekly status report on
the mg aquisition and assimilation . would you please include me on that
distribution list effective this week ? i believe that it is assumed that
fernley dyson will have day - to - day responsibility for this business once the
aquisition is completed . however , in my role over global risk management
operations , i find myself fielding questions regarding our assessment of
operations and any issues surrounding assimilation . brent price , who reports
to me and is on temporary assignment in the london office , has been keeping
me updated on progress to date . his return soon to houston , however , will
create a potential information gap that the weekly status report may help to
fill .
thanks in advance to your attention to this .