Subject: re : var training
sally ,
i understand your comments .
i ' ll get you an outline of the programme and i ' ll also see if i can create
some other options for you .
i ' ll provisionally book the suppliers in case you ' ve got over your irritation
by september - so we don ' t lose those dates .
tim
from : sally beck @ ect 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 16 pm
to : tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : re : var training
thanks for your front - end research on this . it ' s too bad that the training
provider can ' t be as responsive ! in a trading organization , 2 to 3 months is
an eternity . sounds as if they are inflexible as well . our audience for
this training would be risk book adminstrators and traders , so 2 days away
from the desk is not very workable either .
after i get over my irritation at timing and inflexibility , i may want to
book them for september , although with a much smaller audience than would be
desireable if they insist on sticking to their 2 day method of delivery .
could i get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this
decision ? thanks . - - sally
tim o ' rourke @ enron
06 / 19 / 2000 04 : 11 pm
to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : var training
sally ,
angela sprock forwarded your vm to me regarding the var training that you
were looking to set up for your group .
i ' ve taken the liberty of getting in touch with the suppliers to talk to them
about the request and their availability . as well as discussing putting on
the 2 day course solely for you group , i also discussed with them the
possibility of breaking it up and delivering it in shorter modules . although
they considered this , they are insistent that the course structure , the
activities and the content lend themselves better to the 2 day format .
they are a very busy company , in much demand both within enron and other
companies . their earliest available dates are : september 14 - 15 , and september
21 - 22 .
alternatively , they have more flexibility on dates later in the year ( october
onwards - but that may be less of a fit ) .
how does this fit with your group ?
let me know if you want to discuss this further
tim
36698