Subject: re : replied resume
vince / sally
it appears that the implied vol on this one is quite high . perhaps we can
lower our var using historical vols .
i would be happy to interview him . his resume does not appear to be
research - worthy by any stretch so i guess rac or ops might be a fit
should i forward his resume to tony vasut and bring him in to see a couple of
racs and a couple of ops as sort of a first exploratory interview ? ?
sally - pls advise your thoughts .
vince - is this the price of being a risk management rock star ?
ted
vince j kaminski
06 / 23 / 2000 08 : 18 am
to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , bob
shults / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : replied resume
i am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very
persistent and quite aggressive .
please , take a look at him .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000
08 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
eric hilton on 06 / 22 / 2000 11 : 20 : 11 pm
to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject : replied resume
mr . kaminski ,
? ? ? ? ? ? ? i sent an actual resume via the postal service . i guess you never
received it . thank you for your patience .
a few features i possess that suggest that i may be a representative your
well established company would value are :
? seven - plus years as a manager / junior executive of logistics in a fast - paced ,
demanding , and constantly evolving retail industry .
experience in effectively developing and implementing policies and tasks
under marketing , logistics , brand management , and best practices .
ba degree in marketing with a 3 . 88 gpa from the university of san moritz ,
london england .
extensive knowledge in management with the ability to effectively manage
multiple tasks , as well as multiple associates , to achieve specific goals in
research and brand management within the company ' s deadline .
seven - plus years effectively implementing and teaching dynamic and successful
customer service .
with my current employer , i am in charge of logistics research and
reports / data collection , as well as responsible for developing new and
successful ideas and implementing them under constantly evolving brand
management and best practices .
traveling to london , england and extensively finishing my degree indicates
that i am willing to go the  & extra mile  8 to achieve and obtain my goals .
perhaps , mr . kaminiski , ? i am an associate you need at your well - respected
company . i would be very happy to meet with you , at your convenience , to
discuss the possibility of putting my education and experience to work for
enron .
thank you for your consideration . i look forward to hearing from you . i have
attached my resume to this email formatted under microsoft word .
warmest regards ,
eric hilton
?
- my resume