Subject: timeline for global standards & global reporting implementation
dear mike ,
as we discussed , you will be heavily involved in constructing and
implementing global standards and global reporting . this is a strategic
initative requested by the commercial teams as well as causey . this
absolutely must be in place by the end of the year .
essentially , there are three main areas :
develop global ( minimum ) standards
develop & implement exception reporting to these standards
develop & implement global operation reporting
i have put together milestones for us to work by in these projects :
global operating performance
this will be the monthly reporting package . currently we do this for n .
america . we need to establish a reporting format for the products / locations
currently not included in this package . the package is not intended to be
incorporated into the current package , but use it as a guide to create our
own .
timeline :
aug 31 - finalize what will be reported
sept 15 - finalize reporting lines ( who we are getting this info from @ each
location and who is receiving and consolidating it )
sept 30 - close of business for sept 30 we should have our first consolidated
reporting package to report
oct 30 - collect feedback from lst reporting package and redesign reporting
if necessary ( continual improvements )
global standards time line ( daily reporting )
this will be the exception reporting based on the global standards we
create . this will be a daily reporting package .
timeline :
august 31 - finalize global standards into 2 buckets
quantitative ( to be reported daily )
qualitative ( to be reviewed within doorstep reviews )
sept 15 - establish measurable targets for quantitative standards
sept 30 - finalize reporting format for quantitative reporting lines ( who do
we get it from , who consolidates it , who sees it , how often )
nov 30 - have reporting implemented - start reporting
regards
shona
ps - i ' m also working on developing a monthly reporting summary for each
office concerning what the latest developements are , much like they have in
london . i have maria working on developing a list of all offices .