Subject: draft org announcement
sally ,
below is a draft of the official organization announcement that will address
brent and his team . i was unable to get this out earlier and am ready upon
your review . please examine the brent section and make sure that it is
correct and stated properly . please send your comments back asap and i ' ll
get this out .
thanks ,
mike
draft
after having conducted our first of several business reviews , we ' d like to
outline the following organizational changes effective immediately .
the global risk markets group under jere overdyke illustrates enormous
opportunities given the size of those businesses . to better focus on the
different commercial functions , and to capture market share and value , the
group is being realigned . jere will continue to manage global risk markets ,
and build on our insurance capabilities . mark tawney is responsible for our
weather business and will now report to the egm office of the chairman .
still under consideration - the enron corporate insurance group under jim
bouillion will now report into the corporate organization under george
wasaff .
brent price will be joining enron global markets as vice president and chief
accounting officer . he will report to the egm office of the chairman , and to
rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer for enron
corp . he will be responsible to sally beck for the business operations areas
of the businesses . reporting to brent in his new position will be sheila
glover , business controller for financial products ; todd hall , business
controller for weather ; and scott earnest , business controller for global
liquids and coal . in addition , tom myers as director of accounting . brent
and his team are responsible for all accounting and position reporting issues
for all the businesses within egm .
cindy skinner will join the enron global markets team with responsibility for
human resources . she will also report to david oxley and the hr organization .
please join us in congratulating everyone in their assignments .