Subject: ees organizational announcement
enron energy services has created explosive growth in the retail energy
business . to advance ees  , leadership position and to rapidly expand the
reach of its energy management services , the company is forming four new
business groups and promoting several key individuals .
ees continues to see an ever - increasing demand for energy management services
in north america , with interest coming from a growing number of customer
classes . ees north america , headed by marty sunde , president and ceo , has
been established to bring outsourcing , commodity and mid - market solutions to
industrial and commercial customers in north america . harold buchanan and
jeremy blachman have been named co - chief operating officers of the group .
ees europe is responsible for energy outsourcing across europe , as well as
rapidly growing mid - market business ( enron direct , enron directo ) and heavy
industrial business ( etol ) . matthew scrimshaw , president and ceo will lead
this group .
as ees and enron  , s customer base grows , world class execution capabilities
and customer relationship management skills are required to maximize value .
global energy services , headed by dan leff , president and ceo , is being
established to manage execution , delivery , operations & maintenance , account
/ customer management and contract value enhancement of enron  , s asset and
energy outsourcing activities worldwide . this group will include enron
facility services ( efs ) , led by joe earle , president & ceo and operational
energy corporation ( oec ) , led by mark dobler , vice president .
ees continues to see additional opportunities for business that will benefit
from the growth of its energy outsourcing business . to manage and develop
these new business opportunities , ees new business ventures has been
created . mark muller , president and ceo will lead this group .
all four new business leaders will report directly to ees  , office of the
chairman , lou pai , who will continue as chairman , and tom white , who will
continue as vice chairman . in addition , kevin hughes , vice president and
chief accounting officer , vicki sharp , managing director and general counsel ,
and beth tilney , managing director of marketing , hr and customer satisfaction
will continue to report to the office of the chairman .
please join us in congratulating these individuals .