Subject: gcp / sap / mid office systems master data issues
hello everyone ,
please find below the issues , action taken , and action plan / proposed
resolution for gcp / sap / mid office systems interface .
if you have further questions / comments , please feel free to contact me .
regards ,
janet
issues :
brazil and argentina tax code - counterparty tax code for these countries are
required in sap but not in gcp .
bank partner type changes - partner bank type changes for counterparties - -
triggered by master data changes in gcp - - while bank data remains the same ,
resulting in invoices being paid to the incorrect bank and / or bank account .
ownership - who owns what ?
action taken :
brazil and argentina tax code
meeting took place . agreed upon plan is for mid office user to provide tax
requirements and / or codes to bill . sap is waiting for tax requirements
and / or codes to determine whether user exits should be disable ( these are
custom user exits sap has implemented to accommodate the brazil and argentina
tax requirements back from 1 / 01 / 00 go - live )
bank partner type
our understanding is gcp has agreed to modify the gcp program to keep bank
partner type static . gcp technical team is developing this solution .
ownership
mid office users own data
gcp maintains counterparty master data
gcp and sap ensure that solution in place to move master data from gcp to sap
satisfy invoicing and cash processing business requirements .
summary :
many meetings have taken place . major progress has been made . now we need
to evaluate gcp reengineering initiative to see whether it affects scope and
requirements regarding current solution in place for this 3 - way interface .
proposed resolution :
swat team representing both houston and london to be formed and meet in
london week of sep . 11 - 15 th to :
address all issues evolving around this interface .
develop solutions to issues , workplan , ownership , and timeline .
swat team members :
janet tran - sap trapar
pamela lebrane - sap trapar
diem pham - sap technical - - will already be in london that week for eel
bill hare - gcp functional ( houston )
mary solmonson - gcp functional ( global ) - - will already be in london that
week for other business
energy operations reprentative ( s ) - with brazil / argentina tax knowledge
bhautik patel - gcp functional ( london )
brian hunter - lindsay - gcp functional ( london )
john paskin - sap london