Subject: ou recruiting
sally ,
over the past year or so enron has made a great impact at the university of
oklahoma . in a very short time we have become one of the employers of
of choice within the college of business . we have been able to do this by
paying attention to details and going beyond the necessary . we have formed
great relationships and planted seeds that will reap benefits for years to
come , if we do not become complacent . i for one am an example of the
impression
that enron has forged at ou . i am here because i believe that enron
represents one of the greatest opportunities in not only the energy industry ,
but the
but the business world in general .
i am sending this note because i believe we are taking steps that will lessen
our momentum at the university of oklahoma . i have learned that we will
not be sponsoring any entertainment for our presentation this fall . as you
know , last year we sponsored a hypnotist and a drama team for entertainment
after our presentations . being a student at the time i felt this was a great
idea and i know that my fellow students enjoyed the presentations as well .
they felt that it was a great opportunity to gain insight from enron
representatives as well enjoy the entertainment which we provided . as i
understand the a / a program now takes the position that this does not provide
any residual value for enron and does not warrant the expense . i do not
understand this reasoning and feel that there is great value in such an
arrangement . it places another selling point on our presentation and gives
us a better opportunity to familiarize ourselves with upcoming talent . this
may seem like an insignificant detail , but i hope we will see the value
that this opportunity presents . the students of the em program and the j . c .
penney leadership program are expecting another exciting evening from enron
and hate to see us fall short of these expectations . it is very likely that
if we do not sponsor this event one of our competitors will . the competition
for talent is growing and we can not allow ourselves to become overconfident
in our recruiting efforts . enron is a great place to work and we must take
that image to campus . i know that mr . mcconnell is a very exciting speaker
and will no doubt amaze those present . that is why we should take this
simple step to have as many potential leaders present as possible and
continue our path to recruiting dominance at the university of oklahoma .
i am fully aware that you were the instrumental element in putting ou within
enron ' s sights . your involvement at ou is greatly appreciated and i hope you
maintain
your interest in the university of oklahoma . please consider my views on
this matter and express any concerns of your own to the analyst and associate
program .
thank you ,
jody crook