Subject: wellesley team meeting minutes
i would like to thank everyone for participating in the first wellesley team
meeting . i regret the delay in processing the minutes . the career placement
center has been really busy and i needed to contact them to get some of the
questions answered from the meeting . for those of you who were unable to
attend , i have listed the topics of discussion :
goals for wellesley - hiring goal of 4 ( not limited to )
analyst program changes - structure ( team leaders ) , developmental program , 2
day interview process
interview training workshop - everyone that will be interviewing is required
to attend a 2 hour session
roles and responsibilities - role of team members , participation is tracked
for prc recognition .
wellesley campus plan
- we discussed the presentation time being pushed back . i was able to get
it pushed back to 5 : 00 o ' clock at the latest . there are other companies
scheduled to present on that date and that was the latest time we coud get .
there will be no class conflicts on that date ( september 28 , 2000 ) . we
discussed the attire for the presentation being casual ( jeans ) . that concept
was proposed to the career placement center assistant ( bernice tita ) and
she said that casual attire will be well received . we would need to just
indicate it when we publicize the event .
- we discussed changing the interview dates due to scheduling conflicts .
the dates that we were able to get were november 20 th and 21 st .
- we discussed possible recruiting at neighboring schools ( smith & mt . holy
oke )
- we discussed taking the company jet to some or all the events , especially
when we will be involving recruiting efforts at the neighboring schools .
target groups - economic student board association , all majors
i have forwarded the wellesley recruiting guide to those of you who were
unable to attend . if you have not received it by now , please contact me and
i will get one to you a . s . a . p .
i have meetings scheduled with jean mrha and cindy olson to work on the
participants for the events and afterwards i will get the revised campus plan
to the team . if you have any questions regarding the contents of this e - mail
or other wellesley recruiting questions , feel free to contact me at any time .
thanks , geynille
thanks a million ,
geynille