Subject: re : enron japan commercial support model
sally
hello again , and how are you ?
i guess you are still as busy as described below , but i hope you got some
time out from your friday concept , and have had some time to think about
japan . fyi , on wednesday i will have a confrence call with brent price to
talk about egm and japan , from a commercial support perspective .
fyi , i am up in oslo this week signing off enron nordic energy , and are
comming to san antonio next week for this accounting offsite , where i guess i
will see you ? any news on the offsite you were planning in october with mike ?
i look forward to hear from you .
regards
jan - erland
to : jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : re : enron japan commercial support model
thanks for your comprehensive note on your plans for middle and back office
in japan . i have done a quick review , and i agree with your thought
processes . i also agree that being able to leverage trading operations
personnel and experience in sydney , with lower wages , makes a lot of sense .
while distance is great , the small time zone difference makes this a good
option .
i want to take a little more time to review this in more detail . after
several months of schedules that have been too full , i have initiated a
practice of holding one day a week open for work at my desk , with no
meetings . that day is friday this week , so i have put a review of your
document on the list for more careful review on friday . i can send you a
note then if there are any other comments that i have .
i should have apologized in the first paragraph for standing you up while
you were here in houston . jeff shankman was on the war path with some
concerns over v @ r calculations on the day that you were in town , and my
schedule was thrown to the winds until we could get him comfortable with the
calculations ( he was over his limit that day - - never any questions when he
is under ! ) . i hope that we will have the opportunity to speak in person
sometime in the not too distant future .
mike jordan and i have been working on a worldwide forum for business
controllers for all commodities and offices . i am working on securing a
location in or around houston , shooting for october 23 , 24 as potential
dates . more details to come on that in the next day or so . i know that is a
long way from toyko , but if the dates work for you i hope that you can join
us .