Subject: organizational changes
in support of enron  , s continuing efforts to increase its return on invested
capital and direct resources towards our highest return businesses , david
haug , chairman and ceo of enron calme , jim hughes , president and coo of enron
apachi , joe kishkill , managing director of enron south america , and frank
stabler , formerly a managing director of enron calme , will join mark metts in
a corporate wide effort , to help monetize some of enron  , s assets . david will
help transition the calme business activities into other parts of enron while
working with mark on the asset monetization projects . david will continue as
an executive vice president for enron corp and a member of enron  , s executive
committee . cliff baxter will oversee this effort .
consistent with these changes , the calme group will be divided as follows .
enron global lng and enron  , s caribbean basin activities will become part of
the new enron global markets ( egm ) group headed by mike mcconnell . rick
bergsieker , president / coo of lng will continue in that role and in his dual
role as president / coo of enron middle east , which will also join egm . shawn
cumberland , president and coo of the caribbean basin unit and his executive
team will carry out the transition process for the caribbean business unit ' s
people and businesses as part of egm . management of its colombia and
venezuela businesses will transfer to enron south america and its lng - related
activities to egm as described above .
the ees related initiatives and people will be transferred to those units .
all of the various international businesses will participate as usual in the
upcoming budget process with their new alignment and continue to meet their
plan targets for 3 rd and 4 th quarters .
concurrently , we are consolidating our trading and merchant activities in
japan and australia into enron europe . joe hirl and paul quilkey will report
to enron europe  , s office of the chairman .
we congratulate david haug and rebecca mcdonald for proposing these
realignments , which we agree , will maximize both the financial and
intellectual capital in enron . over the coming weeks , specific assignments
and reporting relationships will be determined and communicated .