Subject: re : update on doorstep to business heads - calgary - with calgary
the following is the current status of our outstanding items :
observation : red : foreign currency risks are managed by the respective
trader within each of the trading portfolios :
status : revise target date to november 30 , 2000 . the new associate in
charge of currency starts september 15 th . due to the complex nature of the
problem , she will require time to gain an understanding of the currency risks
in each of the books , and to determine the most effective process to manage
the risks within the various trading portfolios .
observation : yellow - due to the anticipated deregulation of the canadian
power market effective 2001 , transaction volume is expected to increase thus
increasing the need to capture transactions in an automated system
environment ( enpower ) .
status : we are currently entering our transactions in the test environment .
we expect to have enpower in production for calgary by september 30 th .
observation : yellow - term transactions executed via eol do not
automatically bridge into the capture systems thus increasing the amount of
transactions manually captured .
status : houston is currently testing the new functionality . this is
expected to be in production by october 6 th .
if you have any questions or require additional information , please let me
know .
from : shona wilson @ enron 09 / 08 / 2000 10 : 53 am
to : peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : update on doorstep to business heads - calgary - with calgary
sorry , i should not have sent you london
jeff skilling and sally met yesterday to discuss the status of the doorstep
project , findings , etc . as a result , sally has asked me to put together a
summary of findings to be discussed with the business heads , as jeff is
planning to contact them about the doorstep findings .
i have prepared a schedule from the doorstep database , ranked findings , and
indicated which common findings were found in each office .
please review this sheet on calgary against the findings as you are aware ,
and give me your feedback ( changes , updates , etc ) . i need this as soon as
possible , as sally would like to alert the business heads as early as
possible .
i am interofficing you the doorstep findings and ratings as i currently have
it for your review .
thanks
shona