Subject: weather database
brent and sally ,
after speaking with richard burchfield and brian hudson , i thought that it
would be appropriate to update both of you and beth as to it ' s commitment .
richard asked that he send out the message and i agreed . one reason for
doing this was to show that the operations and it groups are working together
towards a common goal . the other reason was to ensure that i had it ' s buy - in
to completing this database in a timely fashion .
our main goal will be to deliver the basic tools that any trading business
would need and then to continue to develop the more advanced analytics in ql
2001 . the actual roll out will happen in phases prior to january so that we
begin the new year with a complete database which includes deal capture ,
valuation , and the necessary reporting and accounting tools . by using brian
hudson ' s it team i can be assured that the global needs are met .
i will be in the office next week if you want to discuss this further ,
todd
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d todd hall / hou / ect on 09 / 13 / 2000 03 : 22 pm
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
richard burchfield
09 / 12 / 2000 06 : 20 pm
to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect
cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , brian
hudson / lon / ect @ ect , stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect
subject : weather
todd ,
per our discussion on moving forward with the development of a weather
trading and valuation engine . i have discussed the high level requirements
with joseph koothrappaly and have identified an it lead to manage the
project . as discussed , the project will have the same project formula as the
" thunderball " project with 3 - 6 month deliverables . also , the need to have
co - operative development between houston and london will be established for
global roll out of the weather system . the main focus will be a intranet
trade capture and position with a callable valuation engine . the plan calls
for phase i roll out for january 1 , 2001 . next steps will need to be
discuss as soon as possible . topics that need to be addressed are definition
of phase i , joint development between houston and london , and duel
development between steve stock ' s valuation team and my trading team . keep in
mind that though multiple teams will have development assignments , one person
will manage the effort across teams .
richard