Subject: re : oklahoma trip
certainly understand the tradition you have with ou / texas and it would be
hard . i imagine david is starting to feel a little cocky , given we should be
undefeated going into texas , but he may still need to seek the shelter of
the study , as i know texas is not going to roll over and play dead .
sounds like meagan has a full agenda this fall and a trip to norman would
only get in the way . i ' m sure david will not let the fire die , if she is
truly interested in ou . fyi , ou ' s spring break is march 17 - 25 next year . so
you can plan accordingly . let me know if you decide when you decide to come
up and i can get you lined up with prospective student services for a tour .
also , i remember you telling me about your concerns about grades . i know
that ou requires a 24 on the act , or finish in the top 1 / 3 of your
graduating class . it is my understanding that will soon be increasing to 26
or top 30 % of graduating class . looks like ou is following ut on tightening
entrance requirements .
i can get you shirts caps , sweatshirts , etc . for ou , ut and tech . you can go
to bigtimesports . com and look at the styles . i think they are also in the
school colors . if you see a style you like , let me know the size shape and
school and i can order it . if some of it is for you , let me know , as they
have different styles for women . also , i can have logo ' s etc . reduced ( like
i did on your bevo on your shirt ) so they are not so big . i always have them
reduce the ou from 1 3 / 4 " to a
1 1 / 4 " size , so i don ' t look like a " poster boy " for ou . anyway , let me know
and i will order them for you .
let me know when you hear back from lexi about your discussion relative to
summer internship recruiting .
ted k . jacobs
director of energy management
the university of oklahoma
307 west brooks , room 218
norman , ok 73019 - 4007
( 405 ) 325 - 0758
fax ( 405 ) 325 - 2096
e - mail : tjacobs @ ou . edu
website : www . ou . edu / business / em
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : sally . beck @ enron . com [ mailto : sally . beck @ enron . com ]
sent : monday , september 25 , 2000 1 : 23 pm
to : jacobs , ted k
subject : re : oklahoma trip
thanks for looking into the ou / texas tickets for us . with the ages of the
kids , i think that we will pass on those single tickets . the kids love our
home tradition for the game , and weren ' t sure that they wanted to give that
up . ( i have cake pans in the shape of the state of texas and the state of
oklahoma - one daugther decorates one , and the other decorates the second
cake - add some bean dip and chips and it ' s our own version of a tailgate
party ! )
we were hoping to bring meagan up to look at ou this fall , with our eye on
that last game of the season . however , klein high school has started the
football season very strongly , winning all games to date . that means that
we may be headed for high school playoffs again this year . meagan is on
the drill team and must be at all games . last year , we played right up to
thanksgiving in the playoffs . so , we have decided to pick a weekend in the
spring after drill team contest season is over to make that trip with
meagan .
we are interested in caps , shirts , etc . for ut , ou and texas tech . do you
have a list of what is available for those schools ?
" jacobs , ted k " on 09 / 23 / 2000 03 : 07 : 11 pm
to : " ' sally . beck @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject : re : oklahoma trip
thanks for the nice words . i hope enron will be able to look at some
students for summer internships , as i am sure they will be gone by spring .
as far as texas tickets go , i can come up with 5 singles , but not 5
together
or even 3 and 2 . let me know if interested and i will try to get them .
might
be able to trade up or something .
let me know what other schools you are talking about and i can find out for
you .
again , thank you for taking time out your schedule to come up and be a part
of the ou recruiting effort . it has been your support and efforts that we
have to thank for enron coming to ou . keep me posted on what you work out
with hr with regards to summer interns .
" hook em "
ted k . jacobs
director of energy management
the university of oklahoma
307 west brooks , room 218
norman , ok 73019 - 4007
( 405 ) 325 - 0758
fax ( 405 ) 325 - 2096
e - mail : tjacobs @ ou . edu
website : www . ou . edu / business / em
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : sally . beck @ enron . com [ mailto : sally . beck @ enron . com ]
sent : friday , september 22 , 2000 5 : 30 pm
to : jacobs , ted k
subject : oklahoma trip
it was good to see you in norman earlier this week . as always , i
appreciated your attendance at the presentation and at coach ' s afterwards .
i am sure that it is rewarding for you to see former students such as jody
and nate participating on the other side of the recruiting table . you have
done a great job in changing and promoting the program .
i am pushing lexi to resolve the question around interview dates for summer
interns asap . i have also left mike mcconnell a message to make him aware
of the issue . i should be able to get back with you next week , hopefully
with a change in our strategy !
if you do become aware of five ou / texas tickets , please let me know . we
will certainly purchase them , i just made the assumption that all tickets
may already be sold .
on another note , david has worn his ou shirt to work and has gotten lots of
compliments . he has a number of people that have asked him about school
shirts , caps , etc . do you have a list of the schools that you can get
merchandise for and the types of merchandise that you can get ? let me know
- - we can probably place a few orders through you !