Subject: update
here ' s just a quick summary of what we have going on . . . ( not sure how quick
this is going to be ! )
enrononline
offering products on other exchanges ( houstonstreet and true quote ) . we are
going to offer specific products ( various gas and power products ) to
customers who have execute rights to these products on these two platforms .
therefore , we will have three feeds to deal with and will need new
applications built to support the interfaces . we will be responsible for
adding / deleting products , ensuring the sites match ours , reporting trades on
these systems , bridging applicable data to downstream systems , etc . enron
gets an equity ownership in the platforms depending on activity .
opening up enrononline to brokers . we are negotiating with three brokers
right now . they will have to pay a one year licensing fee to have access to
the site , and we will allow them to transact for specific counterparties
only . we will also need applications built and establish specific processes
to support this .
wish list - we have a list of approx . 180 times that we need the developers
to work on for us . jay webb committed to louise a few weeks back ( when i was
in her office ) that we would get a resource ( specifically chris luttrel and
his team ) . i think you are aware of this . chris is now moving on to do
something else and none of our items have been addressed in three weeks . we
have had weekly meetings the last three weeks with the it team ( mark dilworth
and company . . . ) . basically , since mark has decided to leave the group ,
nothing is being addressed . i am going to speak to dave tomorrow about this
and escalate from there necessary . this needs a more detailed explanation -
i am going to try to get some time with you next week .
steel - i will discuss with dave tomorrow . he basically told me not to do
anything ( another topic of discussion . . . . )
we are working on enhancing our existing intranet site for the pcg
louise has asked that i not allocate any of the pcg time to europe - i don ' t
agree with this because i have four people preparing the management report on
a daily basis and i have a call center that also supports europe . i tried to
argue my point but did not get very far : ) i am going to talk to dave about
it some more .
working on bridging to thunderball and the new weather application
legal / credit - we do not always get timely responses from the groups - credit
is improving ( they hired a new person ) , but legal has one person responsible
for new cp set up ( tana jones ) . when she is out , all application processing
stops . i am going to talk to mark taylor about appointing a back up at a
minimum . tana does a great job , but our activity is really increasing ( she
also supports clickpaper ) , so it is becoming an issue .
we have set another record today - we have already done 3 , 358 trades ! ! ! !
no new news from canada on power trading - legal needs to sign off . in mark
taylor ' s shop
argentina in the works - probably end of month .
clickpaper
we have so much , i am not sure where to start . i had lunch today with jeff
harbert to discuss what our needs were . we need tools from reporting to
credit . . .
the commercial group is really wanting to start offering more products , and
are starting to hire marketing people and traders . the activity is really
picking up
the contractors are working weekends ( call center ) . i am working the
commercial group to discontinue this . we are not even getting that many
calls during the week , and we have not received one call on sat / sun since
launch ( july )
commodity logic
dale has been very involved in all the discussions and has been a great
resource ( i have received several compliments from the networks team on his
contribution )
they have not yet released the first module ( financial mgmt - cfo ) . should
be very soon
dealbench
no external customers - very slow developing . . . . staying involved and in
touch with the commercial team
other
i am still looking for an assistant . i sent five resumes down to staffing
and a week later the interviews were not scheduled . i went down to complain
and two of them were scheduled . a week later , the other three were yet to
be scheduled , so i am doing it myself . i think we have some real issues in
the staffing group - this is not the first time .
we are working on disaster recovery for the group .
super saturday - i would like our team to participate . do you have an idea
of who all is interviewing ? we would like to be involved .
we are looking at holiday coverage now to ensure we have coverage
i talked to mary sloan ( sap ) and keith clark ( call center ) is working with
her . i think she really appreciates the help / input .
have you had a chance to review the announcement letter re : reorg ?
sorry for the long - winded message . . . .
thanks ! talk to you soon .
sheri