Subject: limit violation notification
in the spirit of let us make it better - not in ted is chucking blame around ,
please consider the following issue :
at the audit comittee meeting , jeff made the comment that the number of and
timing of the limit notifications caused them to be meaningless . now part of
that was an attempt by him to diffuse the number of notifications represented
graphically , but i think that there is an element of truth , particularly of
late . therefore , i propose that we work toward making that timing faster and
the impact more meaningful .
i think the following might help :
1 ) cassandra will be our point person , therefore it will be faster than
waiting for the slower , more distracted and less organized me
2 ) i will propose that we raise the threshholds for notifications ,
particularly at jeff ' s level - i think that the sheer volume makes an
impression on rick . unfortunately , i think that it will not be in effect
until after the dec bd meeting . fyi i have proposed this at least twice and
have been shot down by greg and rick , but now that a smart guy is proposing
it , it will probably get more attention .
3 ) we should use the executive report viewer as the mechanism for delivery .
i do not know who actually supports that thing so please let me know .
it has been important to aa for audit purposes to see " evidence " that rick ,
jeff , ken and bd received appropriate notification - so that needs to be
considered .
another possibility would be risktrac . the 3 - d solution contracted for
contains an " executive view " of " hot spots " . unfortunately , even though
jeff requested it on his desk top 5 months ago , we can ' t get the it resources
to pay attention to it . it however , has been interviewed several times for
magazines and have created such incredibly successful and useful products
such as energydesk . com , credit . com , en - lighten ,
. .
conceptually ,
notifications should take place before trading begins the next day . this may
be utopian , but it is fundamentally correct ( just because enron doesn ' t know
it is supposed to , doesn ' t make it right ) . i am certain that real risk
management organizations have a mechanism in place for this . it may be
necessary to create a swag process that is lightning fast with a more exact
process to follow .
please have fixed by close of business today .
ted