Subject: re : stuff
hey there - - life sounds horribly busy . i figured it was .
don ' t worry about me - - i just thought we should get things moving - - since
now i have officially been replaced , and it has been announced to my direct
reports here in london . fernley ( not sure if you have spoken to him ) is
anxious to put an announcement out to enron europe that phillip lord and i
are leaving and that melissa will be stepping in to replace us .
since phillip already has a place to go , it would be nice if we could at
least say that i am going to north america energy ops , or something - - even
if we don ' t have all of the details worked out .
i am not sure if you want me to come over and meet some of your commercial "
customers " - - - also - i have never met delainey ( i don ' t think ) - - but
maybe knowing frevert well is enough . i am planning to come in november
( first half ) to work on europe ' s plan and coordinate with brent , wes and the
other groups under frevert , so maybe i can meet some people then . would love
to discuss
monday is fine - - as i am sure today will be another crazy day .
i know how all of those reviews are . john sherriff put a o 5 per review per
day penalty on any dept head who didn ' t have their reviews done by august
15 th , and of course i was on holiday the week before that , so i had 2 days to
do 10 reviews .
hopefully i can help you with that direct report problem .
if i don ' t talk to you today , then have a good weekend ,
beth
enron capital & trade resources corp .
from : sally beck 13 / 10 / 2000 01 : 19
to : beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : stuff
crazy week - - 7 : 00 pm and i just finished a project for delainey that i got
at noon today . cancelled everything on the calendar and have been immersed
ever since . patti gave me your message with your home number around 5 : 30
today , just as she was leaving - - apologized for not giving it to me
earlier . however , given my immediate project , i don ' t think that i could
have called until now . and at 1 : 00 am london time , i think that this e : mail
is much better .
i am still really crunched tomorrow morning . all of our mid - year reviews
must be completed by the time we have our ena office of the chair staff
meeting at 2 : 30 tomorrow . big push , after an over percentage completion rate
of about 60 % at our ena meeting two weeks ago . some of those unfinished
reviews were mine to give ( 16 direct reports is a killer ) . i wrote three
last night after tyler went to bed , finished at 1 : 00 am and gave all three
reviews this morning . i have 5 more to write tonight , and to deliver
tomorrow morning to be at 100 % . i will try to call you on my way into the
office tomorrow morning from the car . if i miss you then , it will be late
afternoon houston time before i could call you . next week shapes up to be
much better .
i am definitely very interested in continuing our conversations . would love
to have to over here and involved in operations . so i will either catch you
from my car tomorrow morning , or we can talk on monday .