Subject: re : dpr summary
dear david ,
thanks for your message . to make our request clearer , for the past two weeks
we have put out a preliminary dpr every morning at 8 am our time ( seen by
commercial heads , jeff skilling , ken lay , rac , anyone with access to the
dpr ) . all groups world - wide are able to provide us preliminary figures by 7
am our time for :
positions ,
maturity gap ,
var , and
p & l
this is the information that we would like you to provide as well .
i understand that you have some hurdles to get over to be able to provide us
these figures , and while you keep working to get over these hurdles , we would
be happy if you provide us the information you are currently able to ( i . e . if
you can only provide p & l we ' d like to start with that , if you can only
provide us with one commodities information we would like to have that ) .
please remember that the information we are requesting is preliminary
information . we would expect that there would be some changes between what
you give us at 7 am and the final information you give us by 11 am .
best regards
shona
david a wall @ ect
10 / 27 / 2000 06 : 57 am
to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron
cc : james new / lon / ect @ ect , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , sheila foo / lon / ect @ ect ,
michael kass / eu / enron @ enron
subject : dpr summary
shona ,
just to summarise the main thrust of our discussion yesterday :
preliminary p / l due @ lpm local ( 7 pm houston )
as i understand , sally is the sponsor of this project with the goal of
presenting skilling with a dpr by 8 a . m . the following day .
i have asked all mgmrs to assess how we can achieve this . we will discuss
this in meeting early next week .
a major obstacle that we face , is limited it resource to re - engineer and
expedite our processes . this will require buy in of senior mgmt and
commercial business heads to reallocate resources away from current projects .
( james to discuss . )
additionally , there are certain dependencies on depts in houston , which are
prerequisite for dpr completion in london . notably continental power has a
dependency on portcalc it support in houston .
shift work and 16 hour days are more difficult ( not impossible ) to implement
in london as the labour market is very tight and such working conditions
would make enron very uncompetitive as a prospective employer . bear in mind
that we compete directly with all the big investment houses for the best
talent . a decision to use shift ' s would have to be made at the highest level
considering the possible implications on the corporate image . this might
suggest that additional it resource is the only feasible way forward .
i could easily say that we can do the preliminary p / l but i assume that we
wish to retain the qualatitive features of our reporting . therefore i have
tempered my comments to reflect what i believe are real issues that we in
london will have to address . we will get back to you with our proposals . ,
after we have discussed these issues early next week .
same day dpr
this is the long term goal and is such a large project that it would have to
be sponsored at the highest level here in europe .
james to discuss with fernley & mike .
regards ,
dave