Subject: final associate / analyst 2000 prc - beck
prc representatives
thank you for your participation in the year - end 2000 prc . listed below are
the associates / analysts you will be representing :
as you may know , the final prc will be conducted on december 12 th ( analysts )
and december 13 th ( associates ) . your participation in these meetings is
essential . prior to that date , each business unit has been asked to conduct
a pre - rating meeting to determine each employee ' s pre - rating . the
pre - ratings will be loaded into the pep system . the pep system is open and
available for employees to select reviewers . you have been listed as a
secondary supervisor so that you may review each of your associates / analysts
feedback . you are responsible for contacting the supervisor and / or
associates / analysts to discuss and obtain valuable performance information .
the associate and analyst programs will also provide you with a copy of the
completed feedback for each of the people you represent once the pep system
is closed . the more information that you can secure regarding your
associates / analysts will ensure that each person is cross - calibrated
correctly at the final prc . if you are a new prc representative and are
unsure of the process , please contact either jana giovannini at x 3 - 9233 or
shelly butler at x 3 - 4584 with any questions .
supervisors
you should approve / add / delete the reviewers selected by the
associates / analysts that work in your group . you should then consolidate
this feedback including your over - all thoughts , which should be presented at
your business unit pre - rating meeting . if your business unit is not
conducting a pre - rating meeting due to it ' s size , please make sure that the
rating you provide is loaded into the pep system prior to the final prc .
please contact the pep help desk at x 3 - 4777 option 4 or terry bosien at
x 3 - 5230 if you are unable to load this data yourself . you should wait to
provide feedback to your associates / analysts until the final decisions have
been made to avoid any confusion . all pre - ratings are subject to the final
cross - calibration and may change in the final prc meeting . you are
responsible for contacting the prc representative listed above whom will be
representing your associates / analysts prior to the final prc . keep in mind
that the more information you can provide , either verbal or written , will
ensure that the final prc is a success .
associates / analysts
you are responsible for selecting your reviewers . you should have received
your logon id and password from the pep team . if you have not received this ,
please contact x 3 - 4777 option 4 with questions . please go into the system
and select your reviewers . your direct supervisor may let you know how many
people to select and will be ultimately responsible for approving your
reviewers . remember that it is important to select a broad range of
reviewers that include internal / external customers at any level . you will
also be asked to complete feedback on yourself . be sure to take the
opportunity to detail your accomplishments and specific ways in which you
have added value to your unit . this is your chance to be heard . you may
hear from your prc rep to discuss your roles and responsibilities . if you do
not , we suggest that you contact them either verbally or in writing .
an enfo - session regarding the prc is being held at 3 : 30 pm on november 1 , 2000
at the doubletree hotel , la salle ballroom a for all associates and
analysts . we encourage you to attend . final prc results should be
communicated to the supervisor by 12 / 31 / 00 . the feedback should be
communicated to the associates / analysts by 1 / 15 / 01 . if the
associates / analysts have not received feedback by the deadline , they should
contact their career development manager ( jana giovannini x 3 - 9233 or shelly
butler x 3 - 4584 ) . thank you for your cooperation and we look forward to a
successful final prc