Subject: sap feedback followup
last week y ' all asked us to follow up with several key individuals within the
ena group to see how it ' s going with sap . we were not to give any " hints " ;
just ask some open - ended ( but probing ) questions . i ' m attaching all the
responses ( georgeann directed us to greg w ) . i don ' t see anything alarming
or red - hot - - i just hope they were being totally candid and honest with
us ! ! overall i would categorize them as normal support issues around the
areas of needing some spot " 1 - on - 1 " training for users , more experience in
overall information retrieval , editing of some reports , our security process
and the difficulty of getting information from various and sundry databases
( since sap is interfaced ) to get the full picture .
we have passed all these items on to the appropriate solution mgr , so that
they can specifically address them .
as i think i mentioned several months ago we had complaints about
nonresponsiveness ( calls not being returned , being passed around alot , etc ) .
hopefully we ' ve turned the corner there .
please let me know if there are other areas you ' d like us to address ( as we
discussed ) , otherwise we will continue to try to keep our finger on the
pulse . and please let me know who our contact person from ena should be .
thanks ,
kk
mary sloan
12 / 13 / 2000 07 : 44 am
to : kathy kokas / corp / enron @ enron
cc : rebecca miles / corp / enron @ enron
subject : ena summary
kathy ,
please find the highlights below from my ena customer meetings :
bryce baxter
pleased overall with the support provided by the isc
small issues voiced by bryce , not strong sources of contention :
feels the response time does not happen with ' lightning speed ' , but works
fine once they agree to a deadline with pamela lebrane
zcash specification changes delayed due to errors identified by both groups ,
but they are still moving forward
payment runs are generated early on occassion and it is tough to cancel a
payment ( they are blocking all payments now to avoid this issue )
unify to sap interface - files are not being picked up at least once a week
( certain files ' drop off ' ) ; mary tyler marz ( ena ) and teresa mira ( isc ) are
working on this issue
leslie reeves
pleased overall with the support provided by the isc
areas leslie would like assistance from the isc :
further editing on reports ; understanding what information is available and
how they can extract the information from sap
further training ( coaching sessions ) by members of the isc solution teams to
help with the following areas :
how to pull data from sap ( data mining )
explanation of how to find all the pieces required to complete their monthly
reconciliation process ( balancing cost centers , reconciling the p & l to the g / l
explanation of the interface reconciliation process for financial out of
balances
explanation of the steps required for new accounts , business areas , cost
centers , allocation process ( needs to fully understand the process in sap )
follow up with debbie brackett in credit to determine if she is receiving the
credit information from sap in a timely manner
i told leslie that i would follow up with susan b . and brandee and ask them
to call her directly . leslie would like to meet with each of them and then
determine the correct individuals on her team to become involved in the
process .
both bryce and leslie were very appreciative of the customer focused
attention from the isc . they both thought it was great that we scheduled
time to visit with them and understand their questions / issues .
please let me know if you have any questions .
mary
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rebecca miles / corp / enron on 12 / 12 / 2000
03 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : rebecca miles 12 / 12 / 2000 03 : 08 pm
to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : feedback for the isc
greg ,
thank you for taking time to meet with me today about the isc and sap . i
appreciated your explanations and your feedback . please see if i have
captured the main points below . if so , no need to reply . if not , please
provide corrections or elaborations .
i will talk with sheila and brandee about the best course of action to get
laura scott ' s feedback about the issues in canada . i ' ll also check on the
status of hyperion .
i passed along your comments about michael gilmore to both michael and his
manager vince cacaro . both were pleased to receive positive customer
feedback .
regards ,
rebecca
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
ena ' s ( financial ) sap " wish list "
earlier inter - company cutoffs in month - end close , to facilitate the overall
close process .
clarity around the status of hyperion - - will it be here beyond the end of
the year ? if so , will the process for mapping between fi / co and hyperion be
addressed ?
getting all the information for our customers into the same repository . brio
should be the answer to many of our issues , as it should ultimately integrate
data from the tag database ( erms ) , empower , unify , cpi , and solark .
a different type or level of support during month - end close , at least through lq 2001 . in order of criticality , the issues / needs to be addressed are :
security ( making sure people have the correct security and have it prior to
month - end close )
cost center & profit center set - up ( ultimately , centralized set - up is the
right thing , but the process during close needs work )
reporting ( quicker / better access to the right data post close )