Subject: re : trading track information
tom wilbeck @ enron
01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 23 pm
to : jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : trading track information
as you know , we are working on an on - boarding process to get the trading
track participants up to speed as quickly as possible in each of their
respective rotations . one of the methods of doing this is to have each
rotational supervisor ( you ' re one of them ) put a few points together to
present to each participant on the first day of their rotation with you ( or
someone in your group ) .
for example :
what does you group do as a whole ? the risk management group is responsible
for providing information to the trading floor . that information consists of
positions , p & l , and other general information which may be needed by the
floor throughout the day . the information must be 100 % accurate 100 % of the
time as the gas floor is taking positions based on the information they are
given . in addition , all reports go to sr . management such as john lavorato
and dave delaney .
the participants need to know several logistics type things such as :
where to sit
user tips on the use of related business hardware ( i . e . phone system ,
intercom , etc . )
how long / when or if to take lunch : use your discretion .
expected working hours : expect to be in the office no later than 8 : 00 and
preferably by 7 : 30
it is also important to cover the expected learning criteria with the
participants on their first day :
able to work under pressure - you will be asked to provide reports and
answers to questions on the floor quickly . you will be expected to know and
understand the information that you are giving .
ability to handle multiple priorities - there will be times when you are
faced with several tasks at once . you will be expected to make quick
decisions and understand which is the most important .
meets deadlines - everyday in risk you have to meet a deadline . the traders
must have positions and p & l on their desks when they walk in in the morning .
excellent written communication - your written communication will be in the
numbers that you provide to the floor .
excellent oral communication - again , the traders will expect answers and
expect them quickly . you will need to articulate those in a fashion that is
understandable .
effective interpersonal skills - see above .
attention to detail - this is one of the most important considerations of
the job . again , all information must be 100 % accurate , errors are not
acceptable .
team player - you will be expected to work across all groups upstream and
downstream to provide accurate information and solve related problems .
excellent organisational skills - speed and accuracy are a hallmark of the
job , therefore you will need to be organized at all times .
is a motivated worker - self explainatory
excellent analytical skills - same
maintains relationships with traders - the trader will be relying on the
information that you provide him . therefore it is important that he trusts
what you are giving to him and that you are always asking if they need more
or better information .
effective time management - self explainatory
competent in excel - alot of the work we do is in excel . it is important
that you be able to navigate excel , as well as create efficiencies to make
the job less prone to errors and to run more smoothly .
competent with erms - erms is the system that is used to maintain positions
and p & l . all deals flow through this system and all values related to deals
come from this system .
competent with risktrac - risktrac is the system that tracks counterparty
risk and value at risk . i expect you to understand what each means , what
the limits are , and how you can reduce and add to value at risk .
demonstrates knowledge of trading concepts - work with the traders to
understand why they are putting on the positions that they have . try to
understand proper hedging strategies etc .
each participant who comes to your area needs to know your interpretation of
each of these competencies so they can make sure to meet your expectations
while in your area .
also , the participants need to fully understand exactly what they ' ll be doing
in your area . let ' em know with as much detail as possible .
finally , do you consider any information a pre - requisite for participation in
your area ? ( i . e . advanced excel skills . . . etc )
i ' d like to know so we can push the participants to get the needed training
before coming to your group . advanced excel skills , preferably a level of
understanding of positions and value at risk .
please compile this information and forward it to me so i can put it into
some on - boarding material for all of the candidates by their first day of
rotations .
the first candidates will begin on february 1 , 2001 .
thank you very much for you time and consideration .
tom wilbeck
x 57536