Subject: ut development meeting tuesday , february 6 , 2001
as many of you know , the university of texas has its most significant
fundraising effort underway . as a part of that effort , the red mccombs
school of business is trying to raise $ 130 million which will help it to
achieve its goal to become the next great business school in the world .
obviously , the red mccombs gift of $ 50 million ( the largest ever contributed
to the university ) is a big part of that effort . however , much more is
needed and will only be achieved through participation by a significant
number of alumni and friends of the university .
on tuesday , february 6 th at 2 pm , dean bob may of the mccombs school will be
at the enron building to meet with us about the school ' s plans and how we can
participate . i am organizing this meeting for bob and inviting all enron
officers that are ut alumni . this should be a very informal meeting with
relatively few attendees ( hopefully around 25 people ) . it will give you a
chance to get to know bob , what is going on at the business school and how
you can participate . make no mistake . we hope the result is that you decide
to support the effort . there is a unique opportunity to participate at this
time because , in addition to matching funds from enron , the mccombs gift
provides for additional matching funds for contributions of a certain level .
i have found that this matching provides a real opportunity to make endowment
level gifts .
enron and the mccombs school have a great partnership . the company has made
a significant commitment to the school ' s programs , we have a very significant
presence on campus through our activities and support from administration and
faculty , and we have enjoyed great success recruiting for a number of years .
however , enron has never successfully organized its alumni giving in a way
which would allow for even greater enron support and presence while
optimizing each individual ' s contribution . i am hopeful that as a group of
enron officers , we can set the example of coordinated giving .
please plan to attend the meeting . it will be held in the board room on 50 ,
last about an hour and refreshments will be served . please let me or sharron
westbrook ( extension 37094 ) know if you can attend . thanks .