Subject: re : various topics
thanks for the note
great to see james - i am really warming to his style and we can do some good
work on promoting a global standard for static reference data control - more
to say on that next week
looking forward to dallas and am planning to return to houston for wed and
thurs ( with steve and richard - although richard is leaving on wed night (
something about valentine ' s night and only getting so much time away ! ! ) ) .
thursday lunch sounds good - you know i love mexican ! ! i will try to buy
shona and a few usual suspects dinner on wednesday
speak to you soon - and good luck with the rest of the appraisals
enron capital & trade resources corp .
from : sally beck 06 / 02 / 2001 17 : 24
to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : various topics
no memo out yet on the doorstep process . i am still in the throws of
completing the 13 reviews that i have to give - should be finished by 5 : 00 .
i will send the memo on doorstep process to you , fernley and michael brown
before i leave for the day .
i will be in the calgary office wednesday and thursday with peggy hedstrom
and her team . back in the houston office on friday .
hope that james ' visit is going well . thanks for getting appointments
organized for him .
i look forward to seeing you in dallas next week . i am glad that you ,
richard and steve will be able to participate . are you still planning to
come back to houston after the meeting in dallas ? i fly from dallas to
austin on tuesday night , so that i can do a full day of interviews at ut for
summer interns on wednesday . i will be back in the office on thursday and
friday that week . let me know if we can help in setting up any
appointments . we can do lunch on thursday or friday , if your schedule
allows . i can also set some time aside to perhaps download from our dallas
meeting and to follow up on some other issues . i would offer dinner on
thursday night , but that is my birthday and i think ( hope ) that my family
will have dinner plans for me that evening . is there someone else in houston
that you would like to have dinner with while you are here ? - - sally