Subject: business controller position - eim europe
per my voicemails to each of you . . . .
jenny latham is currently a manager in power risk in houston , and is
interested in moving to london . she is very well respected within enron , and
is a highly rated employee . she has been with enron for several years , in
various positions , and will move us far ahead in the staffing . in january , i
met with yvonne scorer to identify recruiting needs to build the mid and back
office for the london activity for eim . one position identified , business
controller , is the position i have discussed with jenny , and she is very
interested . i am anxious to move this forward asap for a couple of reasons :
1 ) . jenny is interested , and i do not want to lose her to other
opportunities within the london office , and 2 ) . it is not too early to move
forward on the staffing of the office as it will take some time to
appropriately staff and transition current support from egm .
bruce , last week jenny and i met with you , and we discussed that it would be
appropriate for jenny to spend time with us here in houston to learn our
current processes , commoditiies , etc . i absolutely agree with this , but we
need to make a deal with her before we can start that process . the sequence
of events that make sense to me and that i believe would make jenny the most
comfortable is that we 1 ) . agree on the financial package ( compensation ,
moving allowance , etc ) , 2 ) . transition her current responsibilities within
power risk , and 3 ) . begin training with us . simultaneously , we will need to
recruit applicants for the remaining positions in risk , documentation ,
settlements and trade accounting . my goal is to have everything in place in
london by the end of first quarter .
to meet this time line , we need to get more information and have a discussion
with meryl on the specifics . bruce , can you give meryl the green light to
move forward with us ? i appreciate your help .