Subject: university of texas mccombs school of business
the following memo will be hand delivered to you in hard copy form on tuesday
morning , feb . 20 . we will enclose the pledge form and
an enron matching gifts form for your convenience .
our meeting with bob may , dean of the mccombs school of business at
ut - austin , was a great success . we had 14 attendees who received an update
from bob about the many great things going on in austin , as well as
opportunities to participate in the  & we  , re texas  8 capital campaign .
after bob  , s presentation , the 14 enron officers met separately and were
extremely supportive about the idea of contributing in a coordinated manner
to the mccombs school . this was evidenced by an expression of intent in
giving totaling about $ 175 , 000 from just the 14 people !
here is what we propose and how it would work .
1 . the ut alumni at enron would pledge $ 1 million over four years to the
mccombs school . this would consist of $ 500 , 000 of gifts from employees and a
matching $ 500 , 000 from enron .
2 . the matching program provided through the mccombs gift to the business
school would match the $ 1 million .
3 . the result would be a permanently endowed $ 2 million  & enron chair  8 to
support  & star quality  8 faculty for the school . this will represent one of
the largest faculty chairs at the business school .
a few additional details :
1 . each individual  , s contribution will also be credited to their name ( along
with the enron match ) for recognition purposes in business school  , s annual
report , president  , s associates , etc . in other words , a $ 10 , 000 contribution
matched by enron will be considered as a $ 20 , 000 contribution by that
individual for recognition purposes .
2 . enron has agreed to not count it  , s match against an employee  , s annual
matching gift limitation of $ 15 , 000 , as long as the gift is coordinated in a
way that makes it a part of the  & enron chair  8 .
3 . the gift may also be counted toward any previous pledge made to the  however , the leadership of the group will determine our
success .
thanks for your consideration and continuing support of the university of
texas .