Subject: re : dates / times for possible meeting to discuss back office autom
ation
please see attached . if you have any questions , please call brenda
flores - cuellar at 713 - 853 - 1914 or tom gros at 713 - 853 - 5537 .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : greg drillock @ enron
nron @ enron . com ]
sent : tuesday , february 27 , 2001 4 : 29 pm
to : solmonson , mary
cc : gros , thomas d . ; jeff rosenzweig ; vincent loud
subject : re : dates / times for possible meeting to discuss back office autom
ation
jeff and myself would like to come down for a visit next wednesday , march
7 th .
could we schedule a meeting for 11 am ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : solmonson , mary [ mailto : mary . solmonson @ enron . com ]
sent : monday , february 26 , 2001 6 : 19 pm
to : greg drillock ( e - mail )
cc : gros , thomas d .
subject : dates / times for possible meeting to discuss back office
automation
i enjoyed speaking with you last week . as promised , below are proposed
times for a meeting in houston to explore the opportunity we have to
offer in more detail . i have also spoken with representatives in enron
online regarding your desire to receive a feed of deal data from eol and
should have someone available to discuss potential solutions with you .
here are some proposed dates / times to pick from . let me know what suits
your schedule best . we ' re thinking we ' ll spend the first bit of time
giving you an overview of what we ' re working on and proposing and then
go from there . we ' ll probably spend at most 2 hours in this first
meeting .
wednesday 3 / 7 anytime between 10 - 5
thursday 3 / 8 anytime between 8 - 12
friday 3 / 9 anytime between 11 - 5
we would also enjoy the opportunity to treat you to lunch if scheduling
permits . let me know which day / time works best for you and i will
proceed with finalizing the schedule .
this e - mail contains privileged attorney - client communications and / or
confidential information , and is only for the use by the intended recipient .
receipt by an unintended recipient does not constitute a waiver of any
applicable privilege .
reading , disclosure , discussion , dissemination , distribution or copying of
this information by anyone other than the intended recipient or his or her
employees or agents is strictly prohibited . if you have received this
communication in error , please immediately notify us and delete the original
material from your computer .
sempra energy trading corp . ( set ) is not the same company as sdg & e or
socalgas , the utilities owned by set ' s parent company . set is not regulated
by the california public utilities commission and you do not have to buy
set ' s products and services to continue to receive quality regulated service
from the utilities .
