Subject: fw : gordon heaney ' s acceptance
max - hi there , sounded like ( from jaime ) you guys have had a busy week with
various government officials . i hope the result was good .
we all had a really helpful meeting here in houston with those guys , and i
just wanted to let you know that we have found a person to focus time on
mexico and work with jaime and agustin . he is bi - lingual and very excited
about the prospect . we expect him to be proactive and help out quite a bit
with setting up the new mexico trading legal entity . i have no doubt that
this will fix most of the little issues that we discussed .
we also assigned someone to come to monterrey to set up jaime and agustin
with system access where appropriate , and especially access to livelink , our
automated contract viewing system . this should facilitate access to all
mexico contracts online ( originals kept in houston ) , and there should be no
need to keep hard copies in mexico .
please let me know if you see any other areas where energy ops can help , or
should be more involved .
beth
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : theriot , kim
sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 5 : 30 pm
to : perez , agustin ; williams , jaime
cc : beth apollo / hou / ect @ enron ; heaney , gordon
subject : gordon heaney ' s acceptance
augustin / jaime ,
i just wanted to let you know that gordon has accepted our offer to take on
the new position supporting your trading organization . he is very excited
and looks forward to working with you both .
we are going to work on a transition period for him . he is currently
finishing a project on paper and pulp settlements to automate those
processes . he would like to finish this process before he takes on his new
assignment full time . he anticipates the completion of the automation to be
within the next few weeks . in the meantime we will work on having him
cross - train for his new responsibilities .
please let me know of any questions that you have .
kim theriot
713 - 853 - 1771