Subject: fw : minutes from back office services meeting held morning of 3 - 12
fyi - - just so you can see what went on this week , when you return .
beth
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : philipson , fred
sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 1 : 57 pm
to : apollo , beth ; neuner , dale ; thomas , sheri ; ' jdenny @ enron . com '
cc : scribner , james ; jafry , rahil
subject : minutes from back office services meeting held morning of 3 - 12
all :
here ' s a summary of our meeting this morning . as we begin to lay the
groundwork for this project , i think it ' s important to summarize our thoughts
and activities in writing . if any of you have comments or corrections ,
please feel free .
thanks ,
fred philipson
5 - 9323
minutes from back office services meeting held morning of 3 - 12
attending :
james scribner trans support sheri thomas trans support
beth apollo trans support dale neuner trans support
jennifer de boisblanc trans support fred philipson enw origination
objective
enron is sizing up the opportunity to offer internal back office processing
services to external clients . objective of this meeting was to understand the
spreadsheet meant to estimate the potential p & l for this offering .
overview
looked at spreadsheet for validation :
? need to better determine the actual market for this service .
? need to better understand the current revenue and expense projections and
assumptions , expanding on them to include customers not currently with enron .
ongoing :
defining the size of the market :
? there may be three  + levels  , of markets for these services - one for energy
risk mgt . ops ( attack first ) , a larger market if we include global market
offerings , and yet a larger market if we think of our offering as transaction
processing , ala adp .
? there are a number of ways to derive the potential market size . the
current spreadsheet identifies existing customers . some may be seeking our
services based on their current and projected deal volumes .
? fred will continue to analyze the market size ( s ) , adding customers outside
of current eol spectrum .
? fred will analyze the offerings and pricing structures used by competitors .
? sheri will get with internal data owners to ( in ) validate current
spreadsheet numbers and identify customers with high year - over - year increases
in eol transaction volume .
expenses
? james will take a harder look at the expenses . we wonder if number of
transactions is the best method to use . what is the real cost driver ? where
are the  + breaking points  , , or transaction levels where we must invest further
to offer services to additional customers ?
strategy
? beth apollo will schedule a meeting with beth perlman , jenny rub , rahil , et
al to discuss ongoing big picture .
? beth will also schedule a meeting with mark taylor , to include rahil and
dale . they will discuss points on the service level agreement that we will
use with our external customers .