Subject: re : cgi proposal update
you need to work for sally beck on this . she is responsible for this and is
a managing director responsible for all mid and back office , outsourcing or
otherwise . she must approve anything that goes out becuase it will effect
her directly .
phillipe is also very reluctant to " sell " any systems , especially if we have
to support applications installed behind their firewall . we are probably
fine with most asp models . you need to meet with sally as team on this asap .
after meeting with sally , let me know what everyone agreed on . i am in all
day .
thanks .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : abbanat , stephen
sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 4 : 35 pm
to : shelby , rex ; piper , greg
subject : re : cgi proposal update
greg and rex ,
thanks for the input . i will try to contact beth apollo .
here are a few points i think will help .
? i also read the partnering agreement carefully and sent the revised copy to
travis mccullough this morning
? at this time i believe our risk is quite low , as we are not officially part
of the bid yet
? i will work very hard to keep everyone informed
the following points protect enron from significant risk :
1 ) we were quite careful about what we sent to csg ( reviewed by beth ,
david , rahul and myself )
2 ) we did not quote any price for software or services
3 ) the original rfp asked for a custom solution , which cgi is proposing . we
do not participate in this work .
4 ) the option to take a different approach ( e . g . leverage existing software
from a partner ) is being proposed by csg as an alternative approach , but is
not priced . the option would be explored during a " make versus buy " analysis
within csg ' s methodology ( during the initial requirements and design phase ) .
this gives us time to clarify our plans .
i hope these points might mitigate any concerns over the rapid time frame of
the proposal . as the proposal is due on monday , i am not sure if there is
time to engage a large number of reviewers , but i will ask csg to copy rahul
and hopefully he can get appropriate input .
- steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shelby , rex
sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 1 : 55 pm
to : abbanat , stephen
subject : fw : cgi proposal update
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : piper , greg
sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 1 : 54 pm
to : shelby , rex
subject : re : cgi proposal update
who is the lawyer on this ?
can i see a copy of our proposal ?
sally beck will have to see this first thing monday morning and should be
included on all e - mail traffic related to this .
beth apollo should be in the middle of this as well beth perlman and rahil .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shelby , rex
sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 1 : 12 pm
to : piper , greg
cc : abbanat , stephen
subject : fw : cgi proposal update
greg - -
fyi . steve abbanat has been working with beth and rahil to drive our
participation in the cgi proposal . here ' s steve ' s most recent update :
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : abbanat , stephen
sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 1 : 06 pm
to : jafry , rahil ; berberian , david ; palmer , mark s . ; perlman , beth
cc : shelby , rex
subject : cgi proposal update
a brief update :
i spoke with the proposal leads at cgi ( greg felton and company ) this
morning , and all appears to be on schedule .
? greg communicated our joint approach to the client and they are very
interested
? greg received enron ' s materials and they are more than sufficient for our
current proposal needs
? i received a draft of cgi ' s proposed teaming agreement . i made made edits
according to my knowledge of enron ' s legal policies . i will forward the
document to legal if cgi accepts the changes
? greg will complete cgi ' s initial proposal and forward the draft to enron ,
for review , this weekend and on monday
? the proposal is due monday pm to cms
? presentations to cms by potential vendors will occur on march 26 th - 28 th .
we should think about who attends and at what point we might want to use our
internal contacts to approach the client . for now we are waiting , based on
cgi ' s advice .
? since the client is in the requirements phase , we should think about how we
might want to support that process , given our approach to delivering systems
solutions
thanks for everyone ' s support .
steve