Subject: directions to enron hangar
directions to enron corp . aviation
from downtown :
take i - 45 north to i - 10 east . the 3 rd exit is hardy toll road ( you will see
irvington blvd . , hardy road , then hardy toll road ) . continue on toll road
until you come to forst booth ( pay $ 1 . 00 ) . continue on toll road until the
next exit which is rankin road . exit rankin ( there will be another toll
booth ( pay . 25 cents ) . take a right on rankin and continue to the next light
which is aldine westfield . cross through this light ( police academy will be
on the left - hand side of road ) , and continue on rankin until you can take
your first left which is chanute road . ( you will see a large hangar that has
allied signal garrett aviation written on it - - this is chanute road . ) turn
left on chanute and continue on this road until you come to the last group of
buildings . take a right down drive and go all the way to the end . you will
dead end into our fence . on a post on the right - hand side of the fence are
the numbers 17630 - - that is our address . there is a black phone on the
left . you need to pick up this phone to be admitted .
i - 45 going south or north :
continue on i - 45 until you come to kuykendahl / rankin road exit . take left
under freeway if you are going south on i - 45 and continue on rankin road .
take a right off of freeway if you are going north on i - 45 and at the light ,
take a rignt on rankin road . . . ( main lights you will come to are at hardy
road , the hardy toll road and aldine - westfield ) . cross through light at
aldine - westfield and take first left to chanute road . follow above
instructions from there . . .
from hwy 59 going south or north :
hwy 59 to greens road exit . proceed on greens road until you come to a light
at jfk blvd . go through this light and take a right at the next light which
is rankin road . continue on rankin until you can see the back side of the
allied signal garrett aviation hangar . turn right at this hangar - - this is
chanute road . go to last group of buildings and turn right down that drive .
go to end . above fence on right - hand side are the numbers 17630 . this is
our address . pick up phone on left to be admitted .