Subject: re : fw : director - level impact and influence
sally ,
regarding your questions  (
will there be other dates during the year ?
three additional dates will be determined next week . it is anticipated the
future dates will be september , november , and february  , 02 . melissa will
send you the dates as soon as they are available next week .
will this course also be offered in london for directors ?
not yet . this is the pilot for the course being offered to london
directors . i  , ve posed your question to our training team .
list of directors in your organization as of 4 / 1 / 01 .
eim :
brenda herod , sr . director
egm :
scott earnest , director
sheila glover , sr . director
todd hall , director
kevin sweeney , sr . director
ena / eops
james scribner , sr . director
steve venturatos , director
shona wilson , director
jeffrey gossett , director
robert superty , director
leslie reeves , sr . director
thresa allen , director
kim theriot , director
sheri thomas , director
stacey white , director
hector g . mcloughlin , phr
human resources
enron net works
office : 713 - 853 - 6703
cell : 713 - 854 - 0839
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : beck , sally
sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 11 : 51 am
to : mcloughlin , hector
subject : re : fw : director - level impact and influence
i would like to have my directors and senior directors take this course .
there is just one course date noted in the attachment in may . will there be
other dates during the year ? i can ' t have everyone go at the same time . i
would like to get the list of dates in 2001 and then send a memo to directors
and senior directors requiring them to attend one of the sessions . can you
also get me a list of the director and senior directors that i have in eim ,
egm and ea ? will this course also be offered in london for directors ?
- - sally
from : hector mcloughlin / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 30 / 2001 10 : 15 am
to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : fw : director - level impact and influence
sally ,
we can offer the director level  & impact and influence  8 course to all of your
directors as part of a pilot program . i wanted to know if you want me to
forward this offer to them . please let me know .
hgm
>