Subject: re : update on confirmlogic
kathryn has done a good job of keeping me in the loop on this . in addition ,
kim has consistently provided useful , objective feedback , as shown in the
memo attached below .
we will produce a stable code with the changes kim and her team have
requested before the package is released outside the building .
i have also asked kathryn to perform more testing within the cl team before
asking kim and her team ( or any other clients ) to play with the changes .
performing significant changes overnight , and then showing the code to
clients the next morning is wonderfully responsive , but a little too risky .
the high - level demo scheduled for thursday will show code that is already
frozen and hardened .
all the best ,
tom
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : beck , sally
sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 9 : 00 am
to : gros , thomas d .
subject : update on confirmlogic
i assume that kathryn has communicated this to you . i have only read kim ' s
e - mail - i will talk with her later today . - - sally
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 58 am
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
kim s theriot 04 / 17 / 2001 10 : 58 pm
to : leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect
cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect
subject : update on confirmlogic
i wanted to give you a quick update on confirmlogic . . . .
testing was done last week on the confirmlogic module . on thursday , we
discussed with kathryn cordes and the confirmlogic it team the items that we
had found that were " show stoppers " as far as releasing the product for beta
testing . some of the major items found were the inability to properly handle
basis swaps for gas and inability to display meaningful index references for
power ( they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the index ) .
the team worked on the " fixes " and migrated the code last night . today
during testing , they found that the new code had actually caused problems
with the fixed price and volume information , which was working previously . i
talked to kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code . she said
that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine . we
plan more testing in the morning .
they are doing a high - level demo this thursday for beta customers just to
introduce the module . they were planning on having more extensive beta demos
for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to
postponed further .
we have told them that we would not sign off for beta testing until we were
comfortable that the items that we identified were working . we need
consistent , stable days of testing before i will feel comfortable .
overall , we like the " new " streamlined version of the screens and feel that
it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues .
call with any questions .
kim theriot