Subject: fw : clara carrington
evidently , we need to get mike and james ' consent to send someone over to
london . . . . clara was over there working on rate & currency which has nothing
to do with london .
i am starting to hear more and more noise about james ' attitude . it is
getting to the point ( and possibly is already ) that no one wants to work with
him and it could isolate london operations even further from the mainstream .
it may be time for someone to have a heart - to - heart with him ( fernley ? ) .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : glover , sheila
sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 8 : 10 am
to : brent a price / hou / ect @ enron
subject : re : clara carrington
brent
i will call to discuss . sg
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 09
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : sheila glover 04 / 18 / 2001 07 : 57 am
to : james new / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : clara carrington
james ,
clara was there to work with shane on some items for the london rate &
currency desk . clara was also working with the it person we have in london
who is working to improve the processes of how curves are loaded as well as
how cash flows are received .
in the prior weeks when shane and i met with some of the groups , i had told
them that clara would be over to follow - up on some of the items .
sheila
james new
04 / 18 / 2001 02 : 16 am
to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : clara carrington
sheila ,
i am disappointed to say that neither mike or i were knowingly told of
clara ' s visit and she didn ' t introduce herself or explain what she was doing
to either of us . she also arrived at a time when michael kass was on holiday .
as a result of this i am concerned about the success of her trip and some of
the conclusions she may have drawn .
i would therefore appreciate it if you could arrange for a summary of the
purpose , results and conclusions that followed her week ' s work so that we can
all understand what the future holds .
thanks james