Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - friday , january 02 , 2004
friday , january 02 , 2004 miningnews . net
to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
dodging copper ' s cost squeeze
" running hard to stand still " . that was how analysts saw major american copper producer phelps dodge back at the end of 2001 . . . ( 2 january 2004 )
full story
russian gold finds beat output
the rise and rise of russia as potentially the world ' s dominant gold - producing country continued in 2003 with new gold discoveries outweighing production for the first time in eight years . . . ( 2 january 2004 )
full story
big year ahead for ivanhoe
the pressure in on robert friedland to deliver on his promise of a world - class copper project in mongolia this year . . . ( 2 january 2004 )
full story
high copper prices may see canadian mines reopen
two dormant copper mines in the canadian province of british columbia might be re - started if copper prices stay high in 2004 . . . ( 2 january 2004 )
full story
strong rand forces klipspringer suspension
southernera resources has stopped operations at its 50 % - owned klipspringer diamond project in south africa because of the rising value of the rand . . . ( 2 january 2004 )
full story
indonesian mining investment falls sharply : report
mining investment in indonesia has declined for the fourth consecutive year , according to the ministry of energy and mineral resources , economist intelligence unit reported . . . ( 2 january 2004 )
full story
ivanhoe , intec to buy westmet ' s hellyer project
ivanhoe mines and university of sydney - based listed technology company intec have agreed to buy the hellyer metals project in tasmania from failed base metals miner western metals for $ 1 . 6 million . . . ( 31 december 2003 )
full story
strong copernicus results continue
the remaining six rc infill drill holes from a recently completed campaign at the copernicus joint venture between thundellara exploration and sally malay mining all intersected nickel sulphide mineralisation , according to sally malay . . . ( 31 december 2003 )
full story
dollar slump pushes gold higher
spot gold is trading at levels unseen since february 1996 as the us dollar slumped to a record low against the euro . . . ( 31 december 2003 )
full story
equs picks up speeding ticket
perth - based junior equs says it cannot account for a sharp spike in its share price , from 21 c monday to 25 c yesterday , which triggered a query from the australian stock exchange . . . ( 31 december 2003 )
full story
auslink heralds new transport era for australiadeputy prime minister john anderson has defended the controversial auslink land transport infrastructure plan , claiming it is necessary to overcome years of archaic and uncoordinated planning and funding in the face of a predicted doubling of the land freight task over the next 20 years . . . . full story regional development talk festaustralia ' s federal , state and territory governments are talking the talk on regional infrastructure development . the initial meeting of the regional development council discussed strategies and defined issues and agreed to meet again in march next year . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter
uses an html - rich media format to provide a
visually attractive layout . if , for any reason ,
your computer does not support html format e - mail ,
please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net
with your full name
and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive
our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net .
have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com
section
dryblower
investment news
mine safety and health & environment
mine supply today
commodities
due diligence
exploration
general
ipos
mining events
moves
mst features
resourcestocks
commodity
coal
copper
diamonds
gold
nickel
silver
zinc
bauxite - alum
chromium
cobalt
gemstone
iron ore
kaolin
magnesium
manganese
mineral sand
oilshale
pgm
rare earths
salt
tantalum
tin
tungsten
uranium
vanadium
region
africa
all regions
asia
australia
europe
north americ
oceania
south americ
primex expo 2004
ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants )
ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry
minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators
show all events
