Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - thursday , january 08 , 2004
thursday , january 08 , 2004 miningnews . net
to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
african minerals , pan palladium bury the hatchet
the court battle between robert friedland ' s african minerals and australian - listed company pan palladium has come to an end . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
two dead in toguraci protest
one person has been shot dead and another beaten to death by police after protestors again invaded newcrest mining ' s toguraci gold property in eastern indonesia , according to an associated press report . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
reed resumes sand george study
reed resources has successfully completed an infill drilling program at its sand george gold deposit located at comet vale , 100 km north of kalgoorlie , confirming the continuity of gold lodes and allowing rsg global to resume the mining pre - feasibility study .
. . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
acquisitions extend alkane ' s nsw footprint
alkane exploration has acquired three new properties in new south wales ' lachlan fold belt , including two adjacent to its tomingley and molong projects . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
barrick farms into telfer gold project
barrick gold of australia is farming into 14 of the 19 tenements that make up mount burgess mining ' s telfer gold project in western australia ' s pilbara region . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
universal to begin burra drilling
perth - based universal resources is set to begin exploration work at its burra massive sulphide project in new south wales tomorrow , where it plans to follow up zinc - lead anomalies . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
png drilling wows resource mining
australian junior resource mining believes the latest results from ongoing drilling at its wowo gap nickel laterite project in papua new guinea could result in a significant increase in the current inferred resource of 66 . 8 million tonnes . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
celtic farms into new guinea gold property
it has been a busy week for macmin silver subsidiary new guinea gold . after announcing it was looking to raise c $ 1 . 4 million the junior explorer has now signed a new joint venture deal with fellow toronto - listed company celtic minerals . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
wa gives regional support to mining issues
coming into an election year the western australian state government is making some quick moves to shore up support in key regional centres . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
us fatalities lowest on record
the us has recorded its lowest level of mining fatalities since statistics were first recorded in 1910 , according to preliminary numbers released by the us mine safety and health administration . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
tritton receives final mining approval
boom new copper play tritton resources has been granted a mining lease for its namesake project by the new south wales minister for mineral resources . . . ( 8 january 2004 )
full story
reliance set to push button on beta hunt project
reliance mining says initial results from an 8000 m drilling campaign at its beta hunt nickel project near kambalda have been encouraging with a development decision for the east alpha prospect expected by the third quarter of this year . . . ( 7 january 2004 )
full story
barrick awaits final approval for peru mine
barrick gold expects to begin development of its alto chicama mine in northern peru in mid - 2004 , with first production slated for the second half of 2005 . . . ( 7 january 2004 )
full story
10 million reasons to celebratepower transmission and control specialist sumitomo drive technologies has celebrated the sale of its 10 millionth cyclo drive unit after 64 years of production . . . . full story liebherr predicts prosperitygerman construction and mining equipment manufacturer liebherr remains confident of posting higher 2003 group turnover despite reporting a dip in sales for the first half of the year . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter
uses an html - rich media format to provide a
visually attractive layout . if , for any reason ,
your computer does not support html format e - mail ,
please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net
with your full name
and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive
our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net .
have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com
section
dryblower
investment news
mine safety and health & environment
mine supply today
commodities
due diligence
exploration
general
ipos
mining events
moves
mst features
resourcestocks
commodity
coal
copper
diamonds
gold
nickel
silver
zinc
bauxite - alum
chromium
cobalt
gemstone
iron ore
kaolin
magnesium
manganese
mineral sand
oilshale
pgm
rare earths
salt
tantalum
tin
tungsten
uranium
vanadium
region
africa
all regions
asia
australia
europe
north americ
oceania
south americ
primex expo 2004
ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants )
ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry
minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators
show all events
