Subject: start the year off right with free e - cards at greeting - cards . com
if this newsletter is incorrectly formatted or is not loading properly , please gohttp : / / greeting - cards . com / currentnewsletter
greeting - cards . com guest !
all of our e - cards are free so stock up on as many as you like !
winter skyline
it ' s okay if it ' s taken you a long time to recover from the fun of new year ' s eve ! now that things have gotten back to normal , take the time to thank your host for a phenomenal party - even if you don ' t remember much of it . with this free elegant e - card , you can secure your invitation for next year ' s celebration .
www . greeting - cards . com / skyline
sweets to the sweet
we ' ve all got plenty of people to thank for all the wonderful times and presents over the holidays , but everyone ' s back to counting calories now that the holidays are over - so if you want to say " thanks " with a box of chocolates , make it a calorie - free , virtual kind . with this delectable , free e - card you ' ll let your friends know that you appreciate everything they ' ve done for you , without tempting them to break their diets !
www . greeting - cards . com / sweets
a visual hug
if the holidays were crazy and you didn ' t get the chance to catch up with a few loved ones , send hugs all around with this cozy free e - card . you ' ve got a whole year to make up for missed time together !
www . greeting - cards . com / hug
forward this newsletter to some friends and share the fantastic free e - cards we offer .
see you around http : / / www . greeting - cards . com
greeting - cards . com team
greeting - cards . com - a better way to greet for free .
to unsubscribe paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr from this newsletter , follow one of these steps :
1 . click on
you ' ve received this message because you ' ve sent one of our great free
e - cards at greeting - cards . com and / or you signed up to receive this and
other messages with special offers , promotions , discounts and more .
contact us for all your questions .
