Subject: please get back to me .
attn : friend ,
i am the chief accountant and the chairman contract tender board committee ( ctbc ) of the petroleum , oil gas corporation of south africa ( pty ) ltd also known as petrosa . i am presently on a special diplomatic
duty in the south africa foreign office in amsterdam , the netherlands . i got your contact through discreet inquiries in my search for are liable individual or company who can handle a strictly confidential involves the transfer of a reasonable sum of money to a foreign account . i have no doubt in your ability to handle a financial business of considerable amount , which will form the bedrock of an extensive business partnership in due course . in unfolding this proposal , i want to count on your status that you will handle this transaction with all maturity and confidentiality it deserves . the money we want to transfer to you amount to a total of us $ 12 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( twelve million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) only . it was extracted from various over - invoiced contracts , masterminded by myself and some of my colleagues for our mutual benefit when the contracts was awarded by the contracts tender board committee ( ctbc ) of the petroleum , oil gas corporation of south africa ( pty ) ltd . the above over - invoiced sum has been drafted and short - listed for final payment to a foreign bank account and it has been reflected as an amount to be paid to a foreign contractor for contract that has been executed for the petroleum , oil gas corporation of south africa ( pty ) ltd . the money is currently floating in the suspense account of the south africa reserve bank ( sarb ) awaiting claim by a foreign partner , which status we absolutely want you to assume . the code of conduct bureau in south africa has made it an offence for civil servants like us to ( a ) operate a foreign account ( b ) own a foreign company and ( c ) take up contract while still in active service . this is why we need your assistance now is the optimum period to realize this fund following the recent directive given to all - federal parastatals and corporations to pay off all foreign debts . i therefore seek your assistance to allow the remittance of this fund to be made to your personal or company ' s bank account . we have agreed that 20 % of the total sum will be given to you , 10 % for expenses and 70 % will be for me and my colleagues after the successful transference of the fund to your bank account . i want to assure you that all modalities for the successful transfer of this money to your account has been perfectly worked out and as such , there is no fear of failure . however , i would want to believe that you are honest enough misgiving attitude in any aspect of the transaction . most importantly , you will keep this transaction very confidential so as not to tarnish the confidence reposed on these officials by the nation ' s financial house . kindly indicate your willingness to me through email address :
yankmakabo @ netscape . net for immediate commencement of the transaction . to enable this fund to be successfully transferred to your account , you will also have to provide the following information : 1 . your name and address . 2 . your private telephone , fax numbers . 3 . your bank details where you would want the money remitted . more information about the remittance of the fund to your account will be sent to you when i receive your response . meanwhile , your swift response will help us to meet the ultimatum given to all foreign contractors in this payment quarter to ensure that funds are claimed . we have the plan of investing part of our fund in real estate with your assistance in your country .
i await your urgent response .
yours faithfully ,
dr . yank makabo ,
