Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - friday , january 16 , 2004
friday , january 16 , 2004 miningnews . net
to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
australian prospector eyes canadian listing for china assets
prospector robert gardiner of gilt - edged mining and adamus resources fame is poised to vend a chinese gold deposit containing more than 2 million ounces into a new canadian ipo that aims to raise around c $ 20 million later this year . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
minara buys niwest
minara resources is to buy western metals ' 62 . 4 % shareholding in unlisted nickel laterite company niwest for $ 2 . 7 million , subject to the pre - emptive rights of gme resources . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
solid quarter by iluka
mineral sands major iluka produced a solid fourth quarter on the operations front , with the improved performance of the company ' s us assets underpinning higher mineral sands production from that achieved in the corresponding period one year earlier . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
new shandong deal for sino and gold fields
the 50 : 50 chinese partnership of sino gold and gold fields has struck another deal in shandong province , with the two to form a cooperative joint venture with shandong bmgr . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
epa justifies teck chase
government officials in the us have defended their decision to pursue canada ' s teck cominco over alleged pollution into a waterway which flows across the canadian - us border . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
gold falls on greenback climb
gold price futures fell sharply to $ 408 an ounce in new york overnight with hedge fund dealing blamed for the sharp retreat . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
chile bank hot on copper price
chile ' s central bank expects the copper price to average us $ 1 per pound in 2004 compared with us 83 cents / lb last year . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
highland talks resume
talks over a new pay deal between unions and management at canada ' s highland valley copper mine will resume on friday ( canadian time ) , boosting hopes that a strike will be averted . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
kpmg welcomes iasb guidance
the publication of proposals by the international accounting standards board for accounting for exploration and evaluation of mineral resources has been welcomed by global accounting firm kpmg . . . ( 16 january 2004 )
full story
aim set to make mokopane decision
aim resources expects to decide within weeks whether to pay 20 million rand ( $ 4 million ) for the mokopane property in south africa after snowden mining industry consultants confirmed an in situ resource of more than 1 million ounces of platinum equivalent . . . ( 15 january 2004 )
full story
rio warns of palabora loss
rio tinto ' s 49 . 2 % owned subsidiary palabora mining has warned it expects 2003 earnings to be down at least 30 % due to production shortfalls at its block cave copper mine in south africa , pushing it into the red . . . ( 15 january 2004 )
full story
sphere raises $ 1 . 2 m for mauritania iron ore project
african lion and the directors and associates of perth - based sphere investments will subscribe for $ 1 . 17 million worth of shares in sphere to fund part of a bankable feasibility study on the guelb el aouj iron ore project in mauritania . . . ( 15 january 2004 )
full story
canadian diamond industry overtakes south africa
canada has overtaken south africa to become the world ' s third largest diamond producer , behind botswana and russia , according to an analysis by statistics canada . . . ( 15 january 2004 )
full story
tritton construction underwaybrisbane - headquartered engineering firm ausenco has completed final documentation for a $ 24 . 2 million contract covering the design and construction of a copper concentrator , tailings dam and surface infrastructure at the tritton copper mine in new south wales . . . . full story china key to us $ 30 b targetthe worlds major construction and mining equipment manufacturer , caterpillar , has mapped out a multi - year framework for investments which are expected to provide the basis for the company to significantly expand its business in china . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter
uses an html - rich media format to provide a
visually attractive layout . if , for any reason ,
your computer does not support html format e - mail ,
please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net
with your full name
and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive
our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net .
have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com
section
dryblower
investment news
mine safety and health & environment
mine supply today
analyst tips
capital raisings
commodities
director trades
due diligence
exploration
general
ipos
market wrap
mining events
moves
mst features
on the move
on the record
people in profil
project watch
resourcestocks
the big picture
week in review
commodity
coal
copper
diamonds
gold
nickel
silver
zinc
bauxite - alum
chromium
cobalt
gemstone
iron ore
kaolin
magnesium
manganese
mineral sand
oilshale
pgm
rare earths
salt
tantalum
tin
tungsten
uranium
vanadium
region
africa
all regions
asia
australia
europe
north americ
oceania
south americ
primex expo 2004
ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants )
ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry
minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators
show all events
