Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - tuesday , january 20 , 2004
tuesday , january 20 , 2004 miningnews . net
virus alert : one or more of our customers is infected with the w 32 . beagle . a virus and is unknowingly sending emails purporting to be from miningnews . net with the subject " hi " and an attachment . exe . miningnews . net never sends attachments other than pdf or zip files , which are safe . more details are available from www . symantec . com . to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
dryblower : sustainable mining ? who are we trying to fool ?
sustainability is a word loved by the image makers who currently have influence in the mining industry . dryblower has never felt comfortable with the concept of an ever - deepening hole in the ground being marketed as having a degree of permanence . he became more concerned when it became clear this week that the absence of genuine sustainability in the mining industry also applies to people . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
sog gold , tantalum output on budget
the acquisition of a tantalum project in brazil , an option over a gold project in peru and an intention to review and drill some of its nickel - prospective ground holdings headlined an active corporate and business development quarter for sons of gwalia , with the mainstay gold and tantalum operations achieving budgeted production . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
wmcr fined over mt keith death
wmc resources has pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to maintain a safe working environment at its mt keith nickel operation following the death of a worker in september 2002 . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
rio to expand canadian slag plant
rio tinto has given the green light for the us $ 76 million expansion of its wholly owned qit fer et titane upgraded slag plant in quebec , canada . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
titan names new cfo
titan resources has appointed len troncone as its new chief financial officer and company secretary as the western australian junior looks to move back into nickel production . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
macquarie buys into kanowna consolidated
macquarie bank ' s latest foray into the resources sector has seen it take 4 . 16 million shares in born again gold explorer kanowna consolidated gold mines . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
meekatharra results shine for st barbara
st barbara mines has received promising drill results from its mulla mulla and kanji - miniritchie prospects near its meekatharra gold operations in western australia . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
gindalbie reports steady quarter
gindalbie gold ' s minjar operation in western australia delivered a steady quarter for the miner with 10 , 325 ounces produced at cash costs of $ 404 / oz . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
teck , union reach highland valley deal
strike action has been averted at teck cominco ' s majority owned highland copper operation in british columbia after a tentative deal was reached with the united steelworkers of america union . . . ( 20 january 2004 )
full story
fmg brings key personnel on board
fortescue metals group ' s ambitious iron ore plans are rolling along with promet engineers contracted for the pilbara iron ore and infrastructure project , and three more senior internal appointments made by the andrew forrest - led company . . . ( 19 january 2004 )
full story
cbh close to production target
consolidated broken hill is closing in on its annual production target 1 . 4 million tonnes of ore at the endeavour mine at cobar in new south wales , with production last quarter coming in at an annualised 1 . 24 mt . . . ( 19 january 2004 )
full story
broken hill repairs expected to take a fortnight
perilya mines has said it will take around two weeks to repair the main haulage shaft at the southern operations of its broken hill mine , with limited production being trucked to surface at a rate of around 3000 t per day . . . ( 19 january 2004 )
full story
south africa backs drc mining
south africa and the democratic republic of congo signed a us $ 10 billion agreement wednesday covering a number of areas , including the mining sector , during a visit to the war - ravaged country by sa president thabo mbeki .
. . ( 19 january 2004 )
full story
abb names new rotating machines business headpower and automation technology group abb has appointed sean stove as australian national manager of its four rotating machine shops , based in melbourne . . . . full story gekko ilr on order for new barrick mineausenco has ordered a gekko inline leach reactor for barrick gold ' s new tulawaka project in tanzania , where the perth - based contractor has the epcm contract . . . . full story qr hails rail successqueensland rail has further underlined its rail design and construction prowess with completion of the recently commissioned rio tinto - owned hail creek coal mines rail infrastructure development . . . . full story outokumpu unitesfinnish - headquartered outokumpu will bring its business arms under a common brand name in an effort to align its corporate image and " build a stronger and more distinctive position in the market " . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter
uses an html - rich media format to provide a
visually attractive layout . if , for any reason ,
your computer does not support html format e - mail ,
please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net
with your full name
and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive
our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net .
have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com
section
dryblower
investment news
mine safety and health & environment
mine supply today
analyst tips
capital raisings
commodities
director trades
due diligence
exploration
general
ipos
market wrap
mining events
moves
mst features
on the move
on the record
people in profil
project watch
resourcestocks
the big picture
week in review
commodity
coal
copper
diamonds
gold
nickel
silver
zinc
bauxite - alum
chromium
cobalt
gemstone
iron ore
kaolin
magnesium
manganese
mineral sand
oilshale
pgm
rare earths
salt
tantalum
tin
tungsten
uranium
vanadium
region
africa
all regions
asia
australia
europe
north americ
oceania
south americ
