Subject: my dearest , pls read this dr . gabriel uche bola
havana specialist hospital
134 b off bode road .
surulere - lagos . nigeria .
attention :
my dearest ,
i have a business proposal , which i know might interest you .
my name is dr . gabriel uche bola , a medical doctor and
a worker of the above specialist hospital . i have a widow
here in my clinic who is on a political asylum in nigeria
refugee camp , she has been so ill for some couple of months now .
this woman confided in me based on the free medical attention
i have been giving to her and her children . she had revealed to me
of her life history and about her late husband who was a top military
officer in one of the west african country ( sierra - leone ) before his
death during the civil war and the fortune she inherited from his late
husband . she has asked me to source a credible and trustworthy
partner abroad who will manage her funds for investment , the sum
of five million us dollars ( us $ 5 m ) which her late husband
deposited in a safe fiduciary agent based in madrid spain . i wish
to choose you for this venture and i believe you will be in the position
to assist in managing and investing this large sum in a profitable venture
and also to help create a safe heaven for her and her children by making
a residence arrangement for them in your country . after she had
disclosed this information to me , i saw the reason to request from her
to allow me see he documents relating to this deposit of which she did .
i am obliged to assist this lady knowing too well that she has a limited
knowledge in the business world and as such she can not manage this
funds herself and in africa in order to avoid any trace of her by the
government , i will need from you a mutual understanding and then we
shall make plans on how the funds would be secured into an account in
your name ; after which you will arrange and travel immediately to meet
with the security company agent for clearing . this amount is contained
in a sealed trunk box and it is registered and declared as containing family
treasures , so even as i am writing you now the security company agent is
not aware that there is cash money in the trunk . let me assure you that this
transaction is 100 % hitch - free and risk - free . from my discussion with her ,
she has agreed to give you a reasonable amount of percentage for your
involvement in this and this has to be discussed upon the receipt of your
quick response . thanks and god bless you for your understanding .
sincere regards ,
dr . gabriel uche bola
