Subject: today ' s daily double stock ( otcbb : spsc )
stock profile
company name
spectrum sci & software hldgs
stock symbol
otcbb : spsc
current price
$ 1 . 81
shares outstanding
19 , 000 , 000
approx . float
4 , 100 , 000
1
newly listed on the otc bulletin board ? dec . 8 th 2003
2
2002 revenues $ 12 million plus
3
9 - month 2003 record revenues $ 10 million , per share ( 9 month ) earnings 1 cent gain versus a 6 - cent loss for ( 9 months ) 2002 .
4
three revenue divisions : all growing , engineering and information technology , manufacturing and management services .
5
manufacturing is iso 9001 / 2000 qualified
6
main customer dept . of defense , stable and growing , 20 year quality track record has been established
7
significant and growing $ 11 million order backlog
8
unique product ( safe borders ) focuses on multi - billion $ homeland / border security sector
9
highly experienced and capable management team
10
currently seeking acquisition targets
11
company on track to be debt - free by end of 2004
spsc was incorporated in the state of florida on october 8 , 1982 . headquartered in fort walton beach , florida , spsc has three reportable segments - management services , manufacturing , and engineering and information technology services . management services include providing engineering , technical , and operational services in the area of defense range management specializing in bombing and gunnery training range operation and maintenance . manufacturing operations includes the design and construction of munitions ground support equipment and containers for the shipping and storage of munitions and equipment . spsc ' s engineering and information technology services segment consists of the sale of computer software developed to assist in hazard management and weapons impact analysis .
spsc contracts are primarily fixed price contracts with the united states department of defense ( dod ) . spsc currently has contracts in florida and arizona . during the years ended december 31 , 2002 and 2001 , 99 % of spsc ' s revenues were derived from contracts with the dod .
in addition , spsc is a quality - oriented manufacturer that is iso 9001 : 2000 qualified . spsc specializes in the design , development , manufacture , and system integration of aircraft and munitions support equipment . spsc employs over 130 scientific and engineering professionals , managers , technicians , and administrators and generates over $ 12 m in annual revenue .
major customers
usaf / 56 th fighter wing for o & m services at the gila bend & barry m . goldwater range usaf / acc for safe - range products and services
usn / navfac ( & usmc ) for safe - range products and services
usn / cinclant for range analysis ( onyx sub )
usmc / air ground combat center , twenty - nine palms for range analysis [ the environmental company ( tec ) sub ]
air national guard for environmental issues & noise analysis [ environmental resource mgt . ( erm ) sub ]
dla - columbus for hose manufacturing
usaf / afcee for engineering support ( hydrogeologic sub )
usaf / aetc for engineering support ( rf - weston sub )
usn for environmental impact statement ( eis ) support [ ecology & engineering ( e & e ) sub ]
usaf / afsoc for aircraft services [ northwest florida facilities mgt . ( nffm ) sub ]
the future
our # 1 national security crisis ? the ultimate growth industry ? secure our borders ? save our nation !
a practical , cost - effective solution to protect our porous borders without more guns , gates and guards . a small company ? s core technology comes to the rescue ? as a new industry takes off .
spsc ? s ? safe borders program ?
as defense corporations go , spsc is tiny - $ 13 million in annual sales ? but with a solid track - record . ( started 21 years ago . ) it is one of those companies you ? ve never heard of ? doing things you never knew existed .
in this case , spsc creates highly sophisticated software products for the department of defense ? manufactures specialized military items ? does airspace and airport planning ? and operates bombing ranges . ( you never knew that business existed , did you ? ! ! )
among other facilities around the country , this company all by itself runs the world ? s second - largest live - fire training range for combat pilots . ( under contract with the u . s . air force . ) this is the huge 2 . 5 million acre barry m . goldwater range in southwestern arizona ? where pilots come to improve their air - to - ground combat skills and practice with live bombs , rockets , missiles and cannon fire . ( most combat pilots who served in the first and second gulf wars were trained at this spsc - operated base . pilots from over a dozen foreign countries also train here . )
but spsc ? s global reputation lies in its proprietary saferange technology , which makes the company a leader in weapons training , used by over 80 organizations around the world . this was developed by spsc ? s founder and chairman , donal myrick , and forms the basis for the revolutionary safeborders technology .
virgin industry = virgin investment
how often have you been present at the birth of an entirely new industry that reflects some overwhelming urgent need ?
? urgent ? ? hell , yes ! what ? s more urgent than our immediate survival ? ! !
that being the case , no matter what happens to the economy , you can be sure this overwhelming need will stay constant . and while nothing is guaranteed , it could also make a pretty good investment . border protection truly represents a universal need ?
the threat from terrorism is growing , no matter how well things go in iraq .
weapons of mass destruction are getting easier to acquire on the black market , and increasingly less complicated to activate .
the need for border protection has reached universal acceptance . the public understands the need for safe borders , and supports massive government funding .
the growth of this virgin industry is soaring , in part because of the federal government ? s heavy spending .
it ? s hard to see how the border protection industry will decline over the coming years . on the other hand , if we ? re hit by some new major act of terrorism , it will probably accelerate further . mass panic would demand even more border protection .
that ? s a realistic view of the industry , but what about individual companies within the border protection industry ? how will they do ? in fact , over the near - term , it would be fairly hard for a company not to do well ? though be careful of quickie start - ups seeking to capitalize on these opportunities . ( opportunistic sleazoids are a fact of life ! )
nevertheless , some companies will do much better than others . so what about spsc ? some points to keep in mind ?
spsc is a 21 - year - old established company , with its own proprietary software ? a world - leader in its field .
spsc has taken proven software and is merely adapting it to meet the needs of this new industry . this is no start - up high - wire act .
final word
spsc will be recognized as the most innovative and dependable provider of management , engineering and manufacturing services , enabling customers to meet critical challenges , maintain effective operations and reduce risk while accomplishing their mission in a cost - effective and timely manner .
important disclaimer and information :
verify all claims and do your own due diligence . daily double stock reporter ( ddsr ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . ddsr is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of ddsr and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement . ddsr is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . ddsr is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in ddsr profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in microcap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in spsc . ddsr has been compensated $ 100 , 000 . 00 of which $ 50 , 000 . 00 has been paid by endeavor capital , a third party , and $ 50 , 000 . 00 by jr , also a third party . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( " sec " ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( " nasd " ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . we also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud , which can be found at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site .
this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - coggiogehcloi @ stocksnut . comorsend a mail with your email address to
now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431