Subject: urgent news alert ( otcbb : agel )
news alert
stock profile
urgent news release
about company
investment highlights
investment opportunity
market and growth potential of online gaming
it is estimated that in excess of a trillion dollars is wagered
annually worldwide on the various forms of gambling . the growth
of the internet has far exceeded the growth of any other communication
medium in the 20 th century . in just under four years the internet
has reached penetration rates that took the television 13 years
to reach and the radio over 30 years .
internet gambling has grown from 30 sites and bets of $ 17 million
in 1996 to approximately $ 3 billion in wagers in the year 2000 ,
according to the center for policy initiatives
a may 26 , 2002 article in thestreet . com noted that according
to christiansen capital advisors , a new york consulting firm that
tracks the gaming industry , gambling web sites took in $ 3 . 5 billion
in revenue during 2001 .
an april 29 , 2002 business week article noted that web
surfers will wager an estimated $ 11 . 4 billion this year and that
all over europe , internet surfers are visiting gambling and gaming
sites in record numbers , helping online betting become one of
the fastest growing businesses on the net .
bear stearns anticipates an estimated $ 6 billion in revenues
by u . s . wagerers alone , by 2003 .
a press release put out by aspinalls , a leading online gambling
operator , indicated that international online gambling revenues
were set to grow to $ 20 . 8 billion in 2005 , based upon an extensive
research report put out by greenfield online .
research firm datamonitor forecasts that revenues from gambling
will soar to $ 20 . 8 billion by 2005 .
while the u . s . has been the dominant market for the internet to date ,
statistics from nua ltd . indicate that approximately 25 percent of
internet users are from europe and 15 percent are from the asia pacific .
estats , inc . , on online provider and assembler of the internet research ,
believes that the major international growth areas will be in europe ,
led by germany , the uk , sweden , france , asia / pacific rim , especially
japan , australia , taiwan , and new zealand . western europe , with 14
million people online , accounting for 18 % of the worlds total ,
represents the next big growth opportunity of the net . asia , led by
japan , is a booming market for online users , e - commerce and advertising
dollars . estats , inc . further estimates that asia and the pacific
rim region hold 8 million of the worlds net users , nearly 11 %
of the worlds total . according to paul budde communications
the online population in asia , estimated at 5 to 10 million , comprises
only 0 . 4 % of the total population in that region . due to the population
of asia versus its lack of online household penetration , the long - term
potential for growth is astronomical . the baker report was quoted
as saying , we believe our projections of internet gambling
revenues of us $ 100 to us $ 200 billion domestically and us $ 200 to us $ 400
billion in the rest of the world by 2005 is reasonable , even conservative .
in an aug . 1 prnewswire - first call press release - angelciti entertainment ,
inc . announced that it will be initiating operations of a chinese
based language online casino , and will be adding additional asian - language - based
websites , entering asia ' s multi - billion dollar gaming market .
additional growth potential
it is universally agreed that the next big evolution is the adaptation
of the wireless internet and most professionals predict this will
occur over the next several years . moreover , online gambling has continued
to grow internationally as even more people gain access to the internet .
these events will materially increase our opportunities to reach the
gaming public and convert even more users toward angelcitis
licensed casinos .
with regard to wireless growth , angelcitis licensed casinos
can acquire more online game time from users waiting to catch their
planes , which are delayed for appointments , and the like , by providing
them with the easy use of our entertainment over their cell phone
or wireless pda . moreover , they can acquire additional users in the
form of computer phobic people who feel perfectly comfortable using
their mobile phone . we strongly feel that the next generation of wireless
products will serve to only further fuel the meteoric growth of the
online gaming industry and that angelcitis licensed casinos
will enjoy the fruits of that evolution .
the market for online gaming in europe and asia has been growing even
more rapidly than the us market an in a april 29 , 2002 business week
article noted that all over europe , internet surfers are visiting
gambling and gaming sites in record numbers , helping online betting
become one of the fastest growing businesses on the net . and
yet the online casino providers catering to these markets have grown
more slowly than those servicing english - speaking countries . to keep
up with growing international demand , angelciti has plans to bring
out online casinos in spanish , german , french and chinese within the
next 6 months and will explore adding on additional languages as those
markets continue to grow . angelciti has also expressed a strategy
of maximizing its marketing capabilities by bringing on specialists
familiar with those regions who can help us to optimize our website
design and marketing efforts with a special local flavor tailor - made
to a specific countrys or regions tastes and desires .
* * * * * * * important disclaimer and information : * * * * * * *
verify all claims and do your own due diligence . intelligent stock picks and
affiliates ( isp ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities .
isp is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of
isp and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many ! of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement .
isp is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers .
isp is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in
isp profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in microcap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in
agel . isp has been compensated $ 25 , 000 ( , inc ) , a third party . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( " sec " ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( " nasd " ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . we also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud , which can be found at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has publi ! shed information on how to invest carefully at its web site .
this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - shllyhlscjnydy @ stocksnut . comorsend a mail with your email address to
now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431