Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - monday , february 02 , 2004
monday , february 02 , 2004 miningnews . net
to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at http : / / www . miningnews . net / . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
big year ahead for red metal
the global copper market is forecast to be facing supply deficits of 500 , 000 tonnes this year , falling to a deficit of 300 , 000 in 2005 , according to market analysts . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
fmg to split in two
andrew forrest ' s fortescue metals group ( fmg ) will separate its iron ore business from its $ 1 . 2 billion rail and port infrastructure project . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
more trouble at tarmoola
sons of gwalia has experienced further pit problems at its tarmoola gold operation near leonora , with mining being suspended in the north pit . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
resolute sells burkina faso ground
resolute mining ' s divestment of non - core assets has continued with canadian company goldbelt resources buying resolute ' s exploration projects in burkina faso for us $ 1 . 5 million cash plus shares and warrants worth c $ 5 million . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
mil considers stanwell
magnesium international is evaluating the stanwell area west of rockhampton in central queensland as a possible new home for its samag magnesium smelter . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
smc continues chilean diligence
queensland based junior smc gold is proceeding with legal and financial due diligence in relation to taking a 70 % stake in chilean gold and copper company compania minera tamaya .
. . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
steady quarter for anglogold
anglogold has reported flat gold production and slightly weaker earnings from the december quarter . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
strike pressure on nickel price
the nickel price is expected to come under pressure this week after workers downed tools at the sudbury operations in canada owned by falconbridge on sunday . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
ashanti hedging to be cut
closing a big portion of the hedge book of ashanti goldfields is expected to take more than a year , according to new owner of the ghana - based miner , anglogold . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
cerro colorado workers strike
copper prices hit a six - and - a - half year high late friday after workers at a bhp billiton copper mine in south america went on strike . . . ( 2 february 2004 )
full story
siberia set to start mining
siberia mining has awarded a mining contract to bgc contracting and will truck ore 35 km from its siberia gold project north of kalgoorlie to croesus mining ' s davyhurst mill . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
apollo intercepts wabash lode
junior apollo gold has reported intercepting remnant high - grade material at the old workings at wabash and ida - h after drilling 13 rc holes . the lode itself was intercepted for 3 m at wabash and at ida - h panning of a lm interval revealed several specks of visible gold . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
lafayette says unaffected by philippines ruling
lafayette mining does not believe the supreme court ruling that voided a philippine government agreement allowing indophil resources and its partners to develop the tampakan project will result in any delay in the development of its rapu rapu polymetallic project . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
tectonic profit doubles
junior nickel producer tectonic resources has posted a net profit before tax of $ 7 . 15 million for the december quarter , an increase of 115 % on the preceding period . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
policy , not geology
attractive geology does not guarantee mining investment if a region ' s policies are bad , say mining executives surveyed in the seventh annual survey of mining companies released by the fraser institute . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
short contracts put scare on future output
the trend away from long - term supply contracts to short - term agreements may be breeding financial uncertainty among coal producers , which are less willing to undertake expensive new production projects , jeopardising future production . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
mponeng seismic event claims two lives
two deaths occurred yesterday following a seismic event at the mponeng gold mine in south africa , according to the national union of mineworkers . . . ( 30 january 2004 )
full story
outokumpu achieves tough international standard outokumpu american brass is the first integrated manufacturer of copper and copper - alloy sheet and strip products in north america to earn the iso / ts 16949 , a stringent international quality standard for suppliers in the automotive industry . . . . full story roche , bec help chaffers restorationa group of enthusiasts is trying to save from the scrap heap two historic pieces of mining machinery used at the old chaffers mine at kalgoorlie . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter
uses an html - rich media format to provide a
visually attractive layout . if , for any reason ,
your computer does not support html format e - mail ,
please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net
with your full name
and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive
our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net .
have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com
section
dryblower
investment news
mine safety and health & environment
mine supply today
analyst tips
capital raisings
commodities
director trades
due diligence
exploration
general
ipos
market wrap
mining events
moves
mst features
on the move
on the record
people in profil
project watch
resourcestocks
the big picture
week in review
commodity
coal
copper
diamonds
gold
nickel
silver
zinc
bauxite - alum
chromium
cobalt
gemstone
iron ore
kaolin
magnesium
manganese
mineral sand
oilshale
pgm
rare earths
salt
tantalum
tin
tungsten
uranium
vanadium
region
africa
all regions
asia
australia
europe
north americ
oceania
south americ
primex expo 2004
ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants )
ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry
minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators
show all events
