Subject: good day
from the desk of philip moore
dept credit control unit
union bank of nigeria
all reply to my private email address : philipmoorel 47 @ netscape . net
strictly confidential
i know this proposal will come to you as a surprise expecially when you do not know the writer , condsidering the huge sum of money involved which could make any apprehensive .
let me start by introducing myself to you , i am philip moore a staff of union bank of nigeria plc . lagos . i saw your contact during my private search at the information centre here in nigeria chamber of commence and industry and i want to believe that you will be very honest , committed and capable of assisting in this business venture .
firstly , let me explain the source of this funds and what you are expected to do . a forigner late engineer theophilus baker , an oil merchant / contractor with the government of nigeria , until his death , over a year ago , was a victim of a kenya airways : bus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight kq 430 plane crash . the deceased , engnieer theopilius baker , banked with us and has a closing balance as a july 2000 worth $ 4 . 5 m ( four million five hundred thousand usd ) . which my bank , now expectes a next - of - kin to claim as the beneficiary of the funds , efforts has been made by union bank of nigeria to get in touch with the baker ' s family or relative but to no success .
based on the perceived possibility of not being able to locate engnieer theopilus ' s next - of - kin , the management under the influence of our chairman and the board of directors are making arrangements for the funds to be declared unclaimed and channeled to an unknown account . it is based on this that we have contacted you to stand as the next - of - kin of late engr . theopilus baker so that the funds , will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary and the next - of - kin to the deceased .
all documents , and proof to enable you get the funds have been carefully worked out as we have secured from the different offices concerned for the smooth transfer of the fund to your nominated account . it has been agreed that the owner of the account will be compensated with 20 % of the remitted funds , while we keep 75 % and 5 % will be set aside to offset expenses both locally and international .
if this proposal satisfies you , please reach us only by mail or phone , for more information . it might be difficult to get through to me , because of poor telecomunication system here . please keep trying you will definitely get through .
yours faithfully ,
philip moore .
all further correspondence to my private email address : philipmoorel 47 @ netscape . net
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
powered by telstra . com
