Subject: consignments
dear friend ,
my name is mr daniel kobena , 41 years ghanaian
married with five children . i work as an
administrative secretary / attorney with global
security company ( ltd ) accra ghana . i joined the
services of this company in 1991 .
i got the information concerning you and your company
from our chamber of commerce here and after due
consultation , i decided to contact you believing that
by the grace of god that you will be my
partner in this business . i have worked with this
company for over 13 years , within this period of time
i watched with meticulous precision on
how african head of state and government functionaries
have been moving huge sums of money ( dollars , pound
sterling , french franc , cash ) with the aid of their
foreign partners abroad .
they bring in these consignment of money cash and
secretly declare the content as jewelries , gold ,
precious stones , family treasure , documents , etc .
mobutu sese seko of zaire , fodey sankoy of sierra
leone , felixhouphet buigny of ivory coast , konnan bede
of ivory coast , etc .
these people have at one time or the other
 withus and their foreign
partners , relatives and next of kin are claiming most
of these consignment and a lot more are laying here
unclaimed for as much as 7 years , as no available
information to anybody except the depositors , and most
of them are dead . since the inception of the year
2003 , global security company ltd management changed
the procedure of claiming of consignments .
as soon as you are able to produce all the secret
information as contained in the secret file of the
company as regard the consignment , it will be released
to you upon demand . from our records , more
than 10 consignments belonging to these people has
been claimed in the past six months and this is why i
am seeking for your co - operation and assistance .
mr . christopher cambell is a zimbabwean , and he work with
one of the top ministers of president robert mugabe
who was in charge of the campaigning for re - electing
mr . mugabe into office in their last election . he
deposited this consignment in 1999 after absconding
with the money 35 . 5 million united state dollars
( $ 35 . 5 m usd ) .
unfortunately , mr . christopher cambell died in kenyan
aircraft that killed all on board in 2000 .
since his death , no one knows about this transaction
with global security company ltd except me who acted
as company attorney when he deposited the consignment .
i have finished every arrangement for you to come and
claim the consignment as the next of kin to mr .
christopher cambell .
the procedure is very simple : - apply officially to
the director of operation global security company pty
accra - ghana , for the release of consignment
no . gss / 15031964 .
they will demand for some documents and the security
code of the consignment , you will call on me to supply
you with every detailed information as regard the
consignment .
as soon as they have confirmed it to be correct , the
company will invite you for the collection .
nobody will ever know that i am involved in the deal
, i suggest upon conclusion , we share it on the ratio
of 50 % - 40 % and 10 % will go for humanitarian service ie
motherless babies home , more also you will make an
arrangement on investments that i will invest my money
in your country .
i assure you that this business is very secure and
risk free .
please , if you are not interested on this proposal ,
kindly let me know .
thanks
mr daniel kobena
alternative email ; - kobena @ maktoob . com
