Subject: invitation to present at e - financial worldexpo - september 14 & 15 , 2004
invitation to present at e - financial worldexpo - september 14 charset = windows - 1252 " >
dear george paliouras ,
based on the recommendation from our research analysts , i am sending you this
invitation : we would be honored to receive a proposal from you for a
presentation by you at e - financial worldexpo hosted by wowgao on september 14 15 , 2004 in toronto , canada .
this is the largest international exposition
and conference that covers all major information technologies used by financial
institutions .
the benefits for a speaker include :
complimentary access to all conference sessions of worldexpo at
which you are a speaker
opportunity to reach a broad it audience
opportunity to network with other leading it professionals
opportunity to promote and market your products and services to the
thousands of highly targeted participants
plus other speaker benefits
please visit the speaker page for detailed information
on the event . a speaking opportunity at the event is an honorary and a voluntary
position .
we encourage you to visit our website , at www . efworldexpos . wowgao . com for more information .
thank you and we look forward to working with you .
sincerely yours , dr . frank x . y . gao event chair
please respond to :
event management team email : worldexpos @ wowgao . com
telephone : ( 416 ) 292 - 0038 , ext . 818
wowgao it events : wireless
mobile worldexpo , e - financial worldexpo , it worldexpo ,
all in toronto , 2004 .
partial list of confirmed participating organizations for 3
events
ibm , microsoft , hp , intel , nokia , oracle , bce inc . , ericsson , royal bank of
canada , computer associate , sap ag , sun microsystems , cisco systems , alcatel ,
avaya , rogers communication , canadian imperial bank of canada ,
etc .
please click below to see
partial list of received presentation
proposals
please note : this is a personal invitation to an expert like
you and we are looking forward to working with you . however , if you do not wish
to work with us and do not wish to receive any invitation or any correspondences
from us , please click here or mail to worldexpos @ wowgao . com
with a subject line ' i do not wish to receive any correspondence from wowgao ' .
