Subject: trustee
good day ,
with warm hearts i offer my friendship , and my greetings , and i hope
this letter meets you in good time . however , i am sincerely seeking your
confidence in this transaction , which i propose with my free mind and
as a person of integrity .
i got your contact as a result of my discreet search for an associate
in your country . i know this e - mail must come to you as a surprise , more
so that we have not met before . i maintain the theory that business is
people and contacts hence this e - mail to you . i am particularly
interested in dealing with you because i expect you to be reliable and be more
helpful .
my name is edward yengeni a south african citizen . i am the younger
brother to mr tony yengeni . my brother mr . tony was the chairman of
parliament ' s in south africa and the former chief whip of the ruling political
party anc . my brother ( mr . t . yengeni ) , as a result of trust and
confidence he has mandated me that i search for a reliable and trustworthy
foreign partner , who will assist me in receiving some funds , which we have
in cash totalling us $ 27 . 5 m ( twenty - seven million five hundred thousand
dollars ) into a personal , company or any reliable foreign bank account
for safe keeping for a period of time , since our family bank accounts
within and outside the country have all been frozen by the authorities .
i would refer you to these websites for further information about my
family and why i really require your assistance .
i ) http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 2 / hi / business / 2756861 . stm
ii ) http : / / www . cnn . com / 2001 / world / europe / 10 / 03 / safrica . arms / index . html
however , i still want to let you know that this money is under the
custody of a private security and finance company in europe . i am believing
you to be a trustworthy person and will not take advantage of us when
the money gets to you .
the total sum will be shared as follows : for your assistance we are
offering you 20 % , 75 % for my family , 2 % will be used for the
reimbursement of all the expenses we will incurr in the process of this
transaction and 3 % will be donation to orphanage homes and the poor .
there is no risk involved as we have put all modalities in place to see
to the success of this project .
if you are interested in assisting us , urgently reply via the above
email address . please endeavour to keep this transaction confidential . i
will be very glad if you can come forward to help us .
i thank you in advance as i anticipate your assistance in enabling me
achieve this goal .
god bless ,
edward yengeni .
