Subject: adb proposal
zuma chris
20 botha crescent ,
sadton , johannesburg ,
south africa .
attn : the president / c . e . o .
i know that this message will come to you as a surprise since we don ' t know each other before , but for purpose of introduction , i am zuma chris , the chief auditor of african development bank ( adb ) . there is an account opened in this bank in 1990 and since 1991 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remit this money urgently it would be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . smith b . andreas , a foreigner , and a miner at kruger gold co , a geologist by profession and he died since 1991 . no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is ( usd 35 , million ) thirty five million united states dollars .
i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can only be approved to a foreigner who will present himself as the next of kin to mr . andreas because mr . smith b . andreas is a foreigner too .
please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take immediately . send to me , your private telephone and fax number , to enable me send to you the details of the transaction . i have made necessary plans to be able to provide all required documentation by the bank to approve this money in your name as the next of kin to mr . smith b . andreas within 14 working days . i will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments .
i need your full co - operation to make this work fine . the management of african development bank is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner , who has correct information of this account . these information ' s i will give to you later , if you are willing and capable to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again in life . what i need is an honest and trustworthy person in this business because i don ' t want to make mistake .
with my position now in the office i can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing . i will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place . as soon as transfer is made i will apply for my annual leave then travel to meet you in your country for disbursement and investment purposes .
at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 25 % of the total amount , 70 % will be for me , and while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring .
i look forward to your earliest reply through my email or by my direct
yours truly ,
zuma chris
win an evening with the indian cricket captain :
yahoo ! india promos .