Subject: frustration and hopelessness
dear friend .
i am hajia mariam abacha the wife of the formal head of state the
federal republic of nigerian late general sani abacha .
following the sudden death of my husband general sani abacha the late
former head of state of nigeria in june 1998 , i have been thrown into a
state of utter confusion , frustration and hopelessness by the present
civilian administration , i have been subjected to physical and
psychological torture by the security agents in the country .
i have lost confidence with anybody within the country . you must have
heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of
various huge sums of money deposited by my husband in different
security firms abroad , some companies willingly give up their secrets
and disclosed our money confidently lodged there or many out right
blackmail .
in fact the total sum discovered by the government so far is in the
tune of $ 700 . million dollars . and they are not relenting to make me poor for life .
i got your contacts through my personal research , and out of desperation
decided to reach you . i will give you more information as to this regard
as soon as you reply . i repose great confidence in you hence my
approach to you due to security network placed on my day affairs i cannot afford to visit the embassy so that is why i decided to contact you and i hope you will not betray my confidence in you . i have deposited the sum of 35 . 3 million dollars ) with a security firm abroad whose name is with held for now until we open communication .
i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your account
for safe keeping . this arrangement is known to you my lawyer and my son
mohammed abacha alone who have just been released by the federal government , so my lawyer will deal directly with you as security is up my whole being .
i am seriously considering to settle down abroad in a friendly
atmosphere like yours as soon as this fund get into your account so that i can start all over again if only you wish , but if it is impossible , just help me in diverting this fund into your account which will accrue you 30 % of this fund . please honesty is the watch word in this transaction .
i will urgently require for your very private number or cell if any .
in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security as i
am giving you this information in total trust and confidence
i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good
faith . please expedite action . and do get back to me immediately .
sincerely yours
hajia mariam abacha
