Subject: news alert ( tmxt ) receives orders totaling $ 3 million dollars
what is tmxt technologies ?
tmxt issued 2 news releases today , one during market hours and one after the market closed ( you can view it below ) .
according to the 2 news releases tmxt signed letters of intents for orders totaling
$ 3 million dollars .
trans max technologies , inc . announces letter of intent for $ 2 , 000 , 000 from a major motorcycle aftermarket vendor
ronkonkoma , ny : march 29 , 2004 ; perma - tune electronics , inc . , a wholly - owned subsidiary of trans max technologies , inc . , ( otcbb : tmxt ) , today announced the signing of a letter of intent with a major motorcycle aftermarket vendor to distribute plasmatronics ' ( a division of perma - tune electronics , inc . ) plasma drive ignition system . the letter of intent will be converted to an order within approximately 45 days . the letter of intent is for a minimum of 2 , 000 units and represents sales of approximately $ 2 , 000 , 000 .
the motorcycle aftermarket vendor will be purchasing specially configured and manufactured plasma drive ignition systems . the plasma drive ignition system is a new kind of ignition that can either be used by original equipment manufacturers ( oem ) or aftermarket vendors . tests show significant increases in fuel mileage and an increase in horsepower and reducing harmful emissions . this product is currently in production .
said lonnie lenarduzzi , president and chief scientist for plasmatronics , a division of perma - tune electronics , inc . , " to understand what we ' ve done with the plasma drive ignition , you must throw out everything you knew about motorcycle ignition . this revolutionary compact motorcycle ignition system is a completely new way of achieving incredibly efficient combustion . using never - before exploited principles of physics , the pdi produces a cleaner burn than ever before possible , converting nearly all available fuel , whatever it may be , to torque . this process results in a thrilling , measurable increase in performance , dramatically better fuel economy and as a result , reduced emissions . "
trans max technologies , inc . and its wholly - owned subsidiary perma - tune electronics , inc . through its plasmatronics division is a developmental company engaged in the automotive and marine electronics industry and has several cutting edge products that were recently introduced at the miami international boat show . this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " believes , ' ' " expects , ' ' " intends , ' ' " will , ' ' " anticipated , ' ' or " may , ' ' and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . except for historical information , all of the statements , expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward - looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties . it is possible that the assumptions made by management are not necessarily the most likely and may not materialize . in addition , other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include the following : business conditions and the amount of growth in the company ' s industry and general economy ; competitive factors ; ability to attract and retain personnel ; the price of the company ' s stock ; and the risk factors set forth from time to time in the company ' s sec reports , including but not limited to its annual report on form 10 - ksb ; its quarterly reports on forms 10 - qsb ; and any reports on form 8 - k . trans max technologies inc . takes no obligation to update or correct forward - looking statements and also takes no obligation to update or correct information prepared by third parties which is not paid for by the company .
source : trans max technologies , inc .
the business
tmxt is poised to embark on a period of seemingly unbridled growth as it furthers its expansion as a leader in electronic ignition and ignition - based products for the automotive , boating and trucking markets . tmxt is continuously working with companies and individuals in the automotive , boating and trucking industries to create and develop strategic and marketing alliances .
through these types of joint ventures and alliances tmxt believes it will be able to make immediate and significant inroads into these industries resulting in significant immediate and long - term revenue streams for tmxt .
while some may say that providing new solutions for ignitions may seem less than exciting , tmxt is well aware that these markets offer tmxt a significant opportunity to sell products and services into multi - billion dollar industries that are struggling to find solutions .
tmxt ' s products appear to be welcome solutions for the age - old question , " how can we get better gas mileage , dependability and torque from the internal combustion engine " . these industries repeat these same questions , but tmxt might very well have the answers .
with tmxt ' s shares currently trading in the $ 0 . 40 range , it seems apparent the financial community has yet to factor in the enormous growth and profit potential of tmxt ' s innovative product introduction and attractive revenue model .
in addition , the street has left the shares to be unrecognized and undiscovered , as well as undervalued , based on its transition into a powerful growth vehicle .
additionally , tmxt intends to make application to a more principal u . s . stock exchange to further attract both retail , as well as institutional interest . with an effective and diversified cutting - edge product line , virtual worldwide penetration potential , solid margins , strong industry backdrop , aggressive marketing plan , modified revenue model , outstanding comprehensive customer service , state - of - the - art technology , significant competitive advantages and an experienced hands - on management team .
tmxt represents a compelling risk / reward situation in the lucrative auction site arena . our 12 - month target for the shares of tmxt technologies , inc . is $ 1 . 50 $ 2 . 00 , with the potential for strong upside surprises .
important disclaimer and information :
verify all claims and do your own due diligence . daily double stock reporter ( ddsr ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . ddsr is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of ddsr and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement . ddsr is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . ddsr is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in ddsr profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in tmxt .
ddsr has been compensated 720 , 000 free trading shares of tmxt by newport capital consultants , a non - affiliated third party . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at
http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . we also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud , which can be found at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . ddsr intends to sell all or a portion of the tmxt stock at or about the time of publication of this report . subsequently ddsr may buy or sell shares of tmxt stock in the open market . since ddsr has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest .
this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - fxggmxgrdyvvdx @ upper - web - side . comorsend a mail with your email address to
now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431