Subject: replica rolex time pieces 99 - 149 dol 1 ars
please note to send all reply e - mail direct to our sales representative at :
questions @ bargain - pricings . com
hi ,
thank you for expressing interest in atgws watches .
we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces , as the ideal gift for your loved ones or close friends during this upcoming christmas season .
you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at :
http : / / www . bargain - pricings . com
for all orders placed in april , all shipping and handling charges will be free .
as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us .
below is a selection of brands which we have available ( all perfect for gifts as they are less than $ 200 ! ! ) :
1 . rolex ( both mens and ladies models ! )
2 . blancpain
3 . fortis
4 . jaeger lecoutre
5 . longines
6 . mont blanc
7 . movado
8 . oris
9 . roger dubuis
10 . ulysse
11 . zenith
12 . audemar piguet
13 . breitling
14 . bvglari
15 . cartier
16 . corum
17 . dunhill
18 . franck muller
19 . gerard perregaux
20 . iwc
21 . iwc
22 . panerai
23 . patek philippe
24 . tag heuer
25 . vacheron constantin
if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at :
http : / / www . bargain - pricings . com
if you see anything on our web page that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don?t hesitate to e - mail us at :
questions @ bargain - pricings . com
i certainly look forward to hearing from you .
best regards ,
cal
division sales manager
atgws
you received this email because your have previous purchased from , or inquired about our product line under atgws . if you do not want to receive further mailings from atgws , unsubscribe by sending an email with the title heading : delete in the subject line to unsubscribe @ watchpurchases . com
please note to send all reply e - mail direct to our sales representative at :
questions @ bargain - pricings . com
