Subject: hotmail hot pick gtvcf . ob dlkbrp
dokarwksgjbyunowin
investor update 04 / 06 / 2004 ,
don ' t miss this one act fast !
this report brings to our readers ' attention a little - known
u . s . company with a potentially explosive future in the
gold sector . the timing to enter is perfect for this great
company at a great price , our recommendations are very
high for this company , it has a tremendous potential .
this is a real company with real revenue , don ' t miss
it ! 78 f 56 _ 2 ax 553 wcll 6 e 25369 wa 2
company : gtvcf . obxuxmhc
day ' s range : 1 . 46 - 1 . 55
52 wk range : 0 . 05 - 2 . 50
last trade : 1 . 50
change : 0 . 07 ( 4 . 90 % )
prev close : 1 . 47
open : 1 . 55
the company has recently announced the acquisition
of a gold property of approximately 130 , 000 acres in
the amapa state , brazil . this is one of the most prolific
greenstone belts in brazil and has attracted the attention
of many multi - national mining companies . this acquisition
could give globetech a prominent name in the exploration
of this very hot area of exploration . globetech , unlike most
mining companies , has a small number of shares outstanding
and could see a substantial increase in the price of the stock
as the investing public becomes aware of the company .
there are presently only 9 . 5 million shares outstanding and
only 3 - 4 million shares in the public float . there are two
small cap stock services now following the company with
buy recommendations and targets of $ 3 - 5 in the short term .
on march 31 , 2004 wheaton river minerals ( wht : amex )
announced a merger with iamgold ( iag : amex ) in a
multi - billion combination . this merger is very important to
globetech ventures as it highlights the value of its newly
acquired gold property in amapa state , brazil . the property
is adjacent to wheaton river ' s most promising gold property
and is three times the size of wheaton river ' s newewst gold
play . with a market cap of just over $ 12 million , the is room
for a large percentage move in the price of the shares in
globetech ventures . the stock is undervalued and should
move higher aided by higher gold prices . most gold analysts
are calling for much higher gold prices .
click here for full
details on go to :
information within this email contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the
securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities
exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or
involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and may be forward
looking statements . this is not investment advice .
in compliance with the securities act of 1933 ,
section 17 ( b ) , rb discloses the receipt of $ 10 , 000
and no shares of gtvcf from a third party
for the publication of this report .
to unsubscribe xjlbxv @ access . ttn . com . tw
quwdof
, . phemwu , . , giggff
