Subject: stock pick alert - read the profile nb qpv
undervalued market report for largest percentage
gain leaders
opening price : 2 cents
immediate target : 10 cents in 10 days
near - term proj . high : 25 cents
current market value ( approx ) : 1 . 5 million
* * our picks are on fire ! * *
our last pick for huge percentage gains ( gdls ) soared from
. 23 to . 83 ( 261 % on 3 / 29 ) immediately following our report .
we believe the gains for aret will run circles around all
our other picks for the year .
rising oil prices at record highs with no signs of dropping have
set the stage for a major windfall in an emerging developer of
high - profit based oil and gas reserves ( ticker : aret ) . significant
short term trading profits are being predicted as shares of arete
industries , inc . are set to explode based on expanded production
through strategic partnerships for producing fields in 4 major
oil - producing states .
aret just released major news and we believe there is much more
to follow . there is strong evidence of big block buying indicating
that an explosive move is coming on a huge near - term announcement .
as recently reported , aret is executing the launch of a $ 1 billion
financed master energy fund which is capped at $ 100 million
increments to fund the company ' s energy projects . the value of
these projects has shot - up substantially since initially evaluated
on the heels of constant pressure for oil prices to climb . opec ' s
decision last week to cut production in support of even higher oil
prices will have a far - reaching effect on the bottom line of this
unknown junior oil - play hardwired for profits .
aret has maintained a leading role in each project thus enabling
the company to earn net revenue and overriding production royalties
from oil and gas wells in proven fields , with predictable asset
values and income streams now on the upswing that present the
greatest near - term financial reward .
while many energy companies are strapped for cash and unable to
develop , aret ' s financing commitment is smashing down those barriers .
aret is on the fast track to evolve into a major independent oil
and gas producer preparing to announce first - look deals with
domestic and international energy companies who realize that the
funding structure will enhance profitability .
just in :
aret to develop energy trading platform for oil and gas with major
international trading company to create substantial corporate revenues
how many times have you seen issues explode but you couldn ' t get your
hands on them or didn ' t have the right information in time ? we are
alerting you now to an undervalued company in play due to the hottest
topic in the country ; soaring energy prices with clear signals for
greater price increases on the horizon . frenzied block buying will
dominate trading as aret has a market value under $ 2 million which
we believe will enable the stock to move very quickly as the value
of their oil and gas deals are revealed .
forward - looking statements :
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b and the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact
and may be forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and
projections , at the time the statements are made that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events
to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking
statements in this action may be identified through the use of words
such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes ,
understands , will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities representative before deciding
to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of 365 , 000
independently purchased shares of aret prior to the publication of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares .
shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been
made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an
inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of
this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward -
looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations
involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to
differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
tpdbi i rmj qqfwgzl
