Subject: urgent assistance .
from : ms sarah guei
cocody , abidjan
cote d i ' voire
this mail may be a surprise to you because you did not give me the permission to do so and neither do you know me but before i tell you about myself i want you to please forgive me for sending the mail without your permission . it is because i need your assistance and please mail me on my private box as stated below .
my name is sarah adidi guei , the daughter of the late military ruler of ivory - coast ( retired brigadier general robert guei ) who was assasinated in a political crisis which led to war in my country ( ivory - coast ) on 19 th september , 2002 . my father , mother and two junior brothers were killed by some soldiers believed to be loyal to the government because of my father ' s objection to some certain policies of the present government . i was lucky to have escaped with a brother who is the last child of the family that night because we were visiting a family friend in another city far away from our home .
i have to go into hiding with my junior brother for some days before arrangements were made for us to leave ivory - coast for the republic of togo on the invitation of president eyadema of togo who granted us political assylum .
before we left for togo , i visited our home where my mother and my two junior ones were killed in our village and during the search for some documents in my father ' s room came accross some vital documents and the keys to a secret vault in the house . i took the keys and went down to where the vault is and there i discovered two metal boxes which were carefully hidden . with the aide of the documents i was able to open the boxes only to find out that the boxes were full of money in hundred dollar bills . i could not count the money because i was very shock to see it and again it is too much for me to count but the documents that i discovered in his room which led me to the boxes put the money at $ 10 , 000 , 000 ( ten million usd ) .
i locked it back carefully and arranged for the boxes to be moved with me through the help of some family friends to abidjan the capital city where i deposited it with a security company for safe - keeping . i did not declare the content of boxes to the security company , i only declare it as family valuables .
when the african leaders came to ivory - coast and president eyadema invited us to go to the republic of togo where i now live with my junior one .
i cannot touch the money and even afraid to tell it to our family friends who have been coming to visit us in togo . i decided that it will be better to move the money abroad where i can put to safe and have it invested . this has been my reason for contacting you .
i would have given you my telephone number so that you can call me in order to discuss the issue better but i ' m afraid to do so because we have too many people around us who i would not want to know of the money . it will be better for me to communicate through internet until we can make proper and solid arrangements about how to move the money .
i wish to meet with you if you can make a trip to the republic of togo or ivory - coast , then we can meet secretly before we go ahead for the transaction . i am ready to offer 20 % of the money to you for this assistance . it is not that i am paying you but for your assistance which i shall really appreciate .
please i wish that this assistance be treated highly confidential .
waiting to read your response about the proposal soonext .
private mail : gasarahl 25 @ netscape . net
thanks ,
sarah guei .
