Subject: hot pick sets the stage for major windfall ot yhnwa
maximum financial stock alert
life energy and technology holdings
( otcbb : leth )
recent price : 1 . 90
52 week range : 0 . 78 - 2 . 95
avg . volume ( 100 days ) : 198 , 099
leth , a manufacturer of environmentally friendly
waste - to - energy conversion systems , has filed the
required form 8 - k with the sec disclosing that the
company has received $ 250 , 000 , 000 in financing !
this funding package translates into $ 8 . 62 per share
in cash for major worldwide expansion . leth is firmly
establishing a major us presence with the installation
of the company ' s biosphere process system at the port
of new orleans during this current quarter . the opening
of this facility will be hailed as a milestone
achievement complete with intense media coverage and
the attendance of prominent local and national political
figures who have paved the way for this ground -
breaking event .
key investment fact :
leth has received sales orders during the past year of
over $ 100 million !
since jan . 1 , 2004 the overall market value
of our picks has increased by $ millions $ !
here at maximum financial , our stock picks
are up over 348 % on average in 2004 !
7 - day target : 3 . 40
30 - day target : 5 . 70 lyr target : 12 . 50
examining leth - by the numbers :
total assets : 36 . 8 million = 1 . 26 per share of assets
cash : 23 . 4 million = . 80 cents per share of cash
shares outstanding : 29 million ( down from 31 . 8 million )
after 2 . 8 million shares retired in feb . ' 04
additional shares to be retired : 1 . 3 million per company
press release
estimated shares in float : 7 million
completed biosphere process systems now in operation : 26
potential size of market ( us / foreign ) : too large to calculate
( unlimited )
solving a dual crisis - waste and energy :
leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of
their biosphere process system to generate revenue from
the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7
tons per hour which makes a major impact on the global waste
problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process
converts into clean , green electricity such waste materials
as municipal solid waste , agricultural wastes , forestry wastes ,
medical wastes , industrial wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil ,
sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . leth
profits from the sale of electricity created from the waste
conversion on a continuous basis by generating 5 to 10 mega -
watts per hour of electricity which is then sold to replenish
the local or national grid .
record backlog of sales for leth :
during the past year , over 20 biosphere process systems have
been ordered , which upon completion represents a backlog
exceeding over $ 100 million in upcoming sales . many of these
contractual agreements include options for the purchase of
additional biosphere systems in the future once the initial
order has been completed . the options vary from hundreds to
thousands of units per contract which would send shockwaves
through this low - float , emerging industry leader at an average
sale price of $ 7 million per biosphere process system !
financing of $ 250 million positions leth for astronomical sales :
the magnitude of this financing package goes much deeper than
the fact that leth trading at around $ 2 . 00 , now has accessible
capital equivalent to $ 8 . 62 per common share in cash . there
are 26 biosphere process systems presently in operation worldwide .
the available funding could easily be used to produce 100
additional biospheres . now factor in that the average sale price
is $ 7 million per biosphere . we cannot even comprehend what this
stock should be trading for with a potential $ 700 , 000 , 000 in
future sales with 29 million shares outstanding !
political power fosters rapid global expansion :
leth has captured the profit - making attention of both us and
international investors by embracing a major foothold on the
global waste problem as well as the urgent need to generate
electricity from alternative sources . this has been accomplished
by successfully creating major inroads to all corners of the
globe through the political contacts at the highest level from
dr . albert reynolds , chairman of leth , who is also the former
prime minister of ireland . dr . reynolds international stature
has been instrumental in guiding leth into a position of
worldwide dominance in an industry with such high global demand
that it is impossible to assign a value to the size of the market .
uncommon value for a company of this caliber :
we are witnessing a breakout year in the making judging by the
frequency of recently announced sales contracts for the biosphere ,
the impressive backlog of over $ 100 million in sales orders , and
the company ' s very solid financial position . we view this perfectly
timed convergence of events as the catalyst for additional
contracts that will perpetuate the shattering of the company ' s
own sales records . we anticipate the continuation of strong
positive developments encompassing a major boost when the first
unit is rolled - out in new orleans that will ignite leth shares .
leth carries our highest rating for short - term trading profits
followed by robust long - term capital gains for aggressive
portfolios looking for homerun performance .
maximum financial stock alert ( mfsa ) cautions that small and
micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or all
investment dollars can be lost . we suggest you consult a
professional investment advisor before purchasing any stock .
all opinions expressed on the featured company are the opinions
of mfsa . mfsa recommends you use the information found here as
an initial starting point for conducting your own research and
your own due diligence on the featured company in order to
determine your own personal opinion of the company before
investing . mfsa is not an investment advisor , financial planning
service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is
not offering investment advice or promoting any investment
strategies . mfsa is not offering securities for sale or
solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . mfsa has
received forty thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party
for the preparation of this company profile . since we have
received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements ,
which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving
various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ
materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements .
