Subject: hello
mrs . ugo akinlade
# 8 queens drive ikoyi , lagos .
email : nna 2000 @ fastermail . com
introduction : l am mrs . ugo akinlade l know this proposal will come to you as a surprise because we have not met before either physically or through correspondence . i have no doubt in your ability to handle this proposal involving huge sum of money .
the subject : my husband chief desmond akinlade ( now late ) was the royal head of my community , jesse ( an oil rich town ) in nigeria . my late husband  s community produces 3 . 5 % of the total crude oil production in nigeria and 0 . 5 % of the dollar value of each barrel is paid to my husband as royalty by the federal government . my husband was also the chairman of ompadec , jesse branch . in his position as the royal head and chairman of the ompadec , jesse branch , he made some money which he left for me and our children as the only thing to inherit . the money is twelve million usdollars ( $ 12 m ) . though this said fund accumulated between the period 1976 - 1998 . due to poor banking system in nigeria and political instability as a result of past military rules ( 1985 - 1999 ) , he deposited this money in a strong room / safe with an open beneficiary in apex bank of nigeria pending when he would finish arrangement to transfer it abroad as a contract payment .
he was planning this when he died late last year of heart attack . the proposal : just before my husband died he called my attention to the money and charged me to look for a foreigner who would assist me in the transfer / investment of the funds abroad . so l would be very grateful if you could accept to help me archieve this great objective . i promise to give you 20 % of the total funds transferred to your vital bank account as compensation for your assistance . five percent ( 5 % ) would be set aside to take care of all expenses we may incur during the transaction . to indicate your interest , contact me urgently and confidentially for more information and the roles you will play in this business . all the legal information concerning this money will be sent to you as soon as we agree together . send your reply through this mail box above , or see the note below
yours faithfully ,
mrs . ugo akinlade
n . b
i will like you to provide me immediately with your full names , telephone and fax numbers to enable my eldest son nnamdi akinlade to contact you . he shall handle this transaction from a - z on behalf of the family . alternatively you can call him on his telephone numbers 234 - 1 - 7762501 , fax 234 - 1 - 7592574 . ask him for the code and he shall respond success before discussion . just to be sure that you are speaking to him .
