Subject: from john coleman
dear sir ,
i am mr . john coleman and my sister is miss rose coleman , we are thehildren of late chief paul coleman from sierra leone . i am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance to transfer our cash of twenty one million dollars ( $ 21 , 000 . 000 . 00 ) now in the custody of a private security trust firm in europe the money is in trunk boxes deposited and declared as family valuables by my late father as a matter of fact the company does not know the content as money , although my father made them to under stand that the boxes belongs to his foreign partner .
source of the money :
my late father chief paul coleman , a native of mende district in the northerh province of sierra leone , was the general manager of sierra leone mining co - operation ( s . l . m . c . ) freetown . according to my father , this money was the income accrued from mining co - operation ' s over draft and minor sales .
before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces of major paul koroma and the combined forces of ecomog peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country , following the forceful removal from power of the civilian elected president ahmed tejan kabbah by the rebels . my father had already made arrangement for his family thats talking about my mother , my little sister and myself to be evacuated to holland netherland , with the certificate of deposit he made with a security firm in europe through the aid of u . n evacuation team .
during the war in my country , and following the indiscriminate looting of public and government properties by the rebel forces , the sierra leone mining coop . was one of the target looted and it was destroyed . my father including other top government functionaries were attaked and killed by the rebels in november 2000 because of his relationship with the civilian government of ahmed tejan kabbah .
as a result of my father ' s death , and with the news of my uncle ' s involvement in the air crash in januaryit dashed our hope of survival . the untimely deaths caused my mother ' s heart failure and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital after we must have spent a lot of money on her early this year . now my 18 years old sister and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care or help . without any relation , we are nowlike refugees and orphans .
our only hope now is in you and the boxes deposited in the security firm to this effect , i humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways .
1 . to assist me claim this boxes from the security firm as our beneficiary
2 . to transfer this money ( usd $ 21 m ) in your name to your country
3 . to make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our
behalf in your country and you , our adviser / manager
for your assistance , i have agreed with my younger sister that 15 % of the total amount will be for your effort and another 5 % to cover all the expenses that may incur during the business transaction , last , i urge you to keep this transaction strictly confidential as no one knows our where about .
please as you show your willingness , forward to us your full name , address and tel / fax numbers , to me via my private email address as indicated bellow , ( colemanjoro @ netscape . net ) this is for security reasons as i will only be accessing my private email earnestly awaiting your response .
thanks .
may god bless you as you assist us .
mr . john coleman .
