Subject: monthly investment newsletter
* * * investor trading alert * * *
weekly stock pick - - ijj corp . ( ticker :
ijjp )
* * breaking news 4 / 21 / 2004 6 : 00 am * *
more
info
mssi awarded contract by the district of columbia to
provide it solutions to streamline current staffing requirements
capitol heights , maryland , april 21 , 2004 ( primezone ) - - management
solutions systems , inc . , ( otc bb : ijjp . ob ) a
wholly owned subsidiary of ijj corporation , a provider of it solutions to federal ,
state , and local government agencies , is pleased to announce that it was recently
awarded a contract by the district of columbia , department of human services ,
to develop an automated process to monitor and report vacant and staffed labor
positions . this application also tracks funding sources associated with each
position . the contract is expected to continue , based on a period of performance ,
until 2005 . ` ` this is a major milestone in furthering the objectives of
mssi in developing this web - enabled application to track departmental personnel
positions in the district of columbia , ' ' said mr . clifford pope , chief executive
officer of management solutions systems , inc . mr . pope also added that ,
` ` all dc agencies are required to report personnel information to the chief
financial officer ( cfo ) . currently , this reporting is performed annually at
the end of the fiscal year by submission of spreadsheets . therefore , the cfo ' s
office is only aware of real - time staffing information once a year . ' '
upon deployment of the schedule a online application , the three pilot agencies
will immediately be updating position information into a centralized database .
the cfo ' s office will then be able to view updated agency information in real - time .
the cfo will also be able to obtain information for statistical analysis and
trending reports at any time .
ijj corp .
symbol : ijjp
recommended last week at $ 1 . 60
closed at $ 2 . 00 4 / 23 / 2004 ( 40 % ) gain from
our original recommendation significant revenue growth in 2004
rating : extremely strong buy
ijjp is our play of the month stock pick
business scope :
ijj corporation , based in
the washington d . c . area provides professional information technology services
to all levels of government including military and civil agencies . ijjp
provides the public sector advanced technologies and solutions . ijjp solutions
provide their clients with rapid and easy deployable technologies that enable
continuous improvement of information flows among government employees as well
as between government entities and their constituents .
ijjp is a total solutions provider of
government services addressing the full technology lifecycle . they formulate
technology strategies with their clients , create fully integrated technology
solutions and they manage and enhance these solutions over time . the substantial
experience ijjp has gained in the government marketplace , over two
decades , allows them to design and implement complex mission - critical solutions
that meet the unique challenges presented by their clients , which include the
u . s . department of defense ( air force ) , u . s . department of agriculture , unisys
federal systems and the district of columbia department of human services .
ijjp offers comprehensive it services in
the following verticals :
enterprise management implementation and
sustainment services for computer associates ( ca ) unicenter suite of
solutions .
customer relationship management ( crm ) and
call center management services .
customized training solutions that can
incorporate new technologies such as web broadcasting , virtual classrooms
and multi media .
it management services such as business
process re - engineering ( bpr ) , requirements analysis , strategic planning , and
independent verification and validation ( ivv ) and other pre - implementation
services .
key investor points :
ijjp is
estimating revenues of $ 8 . 6 million for 2003 . the company is profitable
at this time
ijjp has
commitments to fill 56 signed orders
for it products , totaling $ 1 . 2 million , during the upcoming period
commencing october 1 , 2003 and ending on november 30 , 2003
the
companys contract backlog consists of contracts valuing $ 16 . 8 million .
ijjp has
demonstrable success in working with the federal government . clients
include : the u . s . department of treasury , u . s . department of state , u . s .
department of defense ( air force ) ,
u . s .
department of drug enforcement along with many others .
total
government it spending from its discretionary budget increased by 6 . 7
percent , from $ 49 . 8 billion to $ 58 . 1 billion in fiscal 2003 according to a
published report by post newsweek tech media ( april 2003 ) .
federal
spending on it services nearly doubled from fiscal years 1997 to 2001 ,
increasing from $ 9 billion to more than $ 17 billion according to the u . s .
general accounting office ( gao ) .
by 2008 ,
spending on defense it will reach $ 34 billion , up from a planned $ 26 . 6
billion in 2003 according to the government electronics and information
association ( geia ) . it also predicted
that spending by civilian agencies is expected to reach $ 33 . 1 billion , up
from $ 26 . 5 billion .
federal government :
the presidents fy 2004
budget contains a $ 59 . 3 billion request for information technology spending , an
increase of nearly 14 % over the previous years $ 52 . 1 billion request according
to preliminary analysis released by input , the essential market intelligence
resource for companies doing business with government . the it spending
data shows the most dramatic increase occurring between fy 2002 and fy 2003 ,
with only a modest increase following in fy 2004 , says payton smith , manager of
federal market analysis at input . smith adds , three factors contribute to the
majority of the increased spending reported for fy 2003 : $ 1 . 6 billion in
previously unreported it spending , a $ 1 . 2 billion increase in it spending
reported for the new department of homeland security , and a $ 4 . 3 billion
increase in it spending reported for the department of defense .
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section
21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements .
vcvdq vmzeh oyerw knkfm rulng rnqkdlmtwl bonlv
vooal hvdab mpsbz bxffs bapka skfjo
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections
at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will ,
anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . all information provided within
this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as
information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers
to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . gs research
and / or its officers and employees have been compensated $ 15 , 000 . 00 cash
by a third party for work involved in the preparation and production of this
report
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of independently
purchased shares of the company mentioned prior to the publication of this report . .
be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due
to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be
sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the
above company . short term trading targets are only guesses on our part . keep
in mind that when trading small stocks like the company above there is a chance
you will lose every penny you invest . furthermore there have been times in the
past when the company itself tells lies , gives false information and puts out
false news . this email is for entertainment purposes only . this is not investment
advice . we suggest you check with an investment professional before investing
any stocks or mutual funds .
kpbjs zlozq hwdzm zunpi xuzbe nrutlceczm pzjir
aghfa vnggl oyzej jxzqu jvmrw ztmow
