Subject: congratulation for winning our lottery bonanza
luckyday international company .
reimbrandsplien 2834 ,
amsterdam - the netherland .
dear winner ,
beneficiary ' s ref . no . 661 / 782 / 455
batch no . qa 7031457
serial no . df 2135706
we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lucky day email address ballot lottery ( e . a . b . l ) bonanza held by our company on the ( 27 th april 2004 ) .
your e - mail address attached to ticket number with serial number drew lucky numbers which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of ( us $ 10 . 000 . 000 . 00 ) ten million united states dollars to be shared among the 10 of you in this category . this authomatically qualifies you to personally receive the sum of ( us $ 1 . 000 . 000 . 00 m ) one million united states dollars only .
congratulations ! congratulations ! ! congratulations ! ! !
due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 68 , 000 companies and 80 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place twice in every six years .
this lottery is partly promoted and sponsored by software companies to creat more market opportunity for their wares and we hope that with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year ( us $ 65 . 000 . 000 . 00 m ) sixty - five million united states dollars international mega lottery programe . to file for your claim , please contact our assigned official agent / claims and duty officer :
overseas winners remittance department .
name : mr . franklin spice
direct tel . + 31 - 642 188 379
remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 10 th may 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , do remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . do fully understand that non resident citizens winners of the netherlands are required to make mandatory refundable payment of notarization / processing fees of ( 399 euro ) and these charges must be paid before the notarization / processing of your winning can be effected as non resident winner . in other words , deduction is not permitted from your winning sum because of the hard cover insurance policy for your security and the company ' s security in general . precisely , these non resident processing fees include the following :
a ) legal representation ; hence lawyers from our legal department of the company will be representing you on your behalf as a non resident winner in the high court over here .
b ) stamp duty .
c ) notarization fees .
d ) general handling / processing charges .
total ( 399 . 00 ) three hundred and ninty - nine euros only .
note : these fees is refunded or repayable back to you by the management upon certification of your application or confirmation as the bonafide owner of the successful email address .
furthermore , should there be any change of address , do inform our agent or your processing file officer indicated above as soon as possible .
congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being successful in our lottery promotional program .
warning : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified and be aware that you have the right to renounce or cancel your winning for failure to meet up with the processing requirements or procedures . please make sure you channel all correspondence through your file officer . this step is necessary so as to be very sure that we are paying the successful winner because of too much scam presently in the internet .
sincerely yours ,
ms . cindy van dale
( lottery coordinator )
