Subject: sandy momentum st . 0 cks on news v - d , wbmtyqq
subway financial daily
otc . . b - b :
vdwb
special - alert -
v . d . w . b . won best of show at comdex 2004 , and its mediaready 4000 set - top
computer is beating microsofts similar product in all categories . isps
and consumer electronics distributors are rushing to sign major distribution
deals with the company . all the big movie studios are signing deals with
the company to sell video - on - demand services . we think that microsoft will
make a bid for this company very soon . . . . dont miss this one , it will be moving
this week as we spread the news about its recent success to 100 s of newslettrs
in the market .
check out the gains from out recent strong - by recommendatlons . . .
december . h . t . s . c - at . 70 high 3 . 25 . . . . 410 % gain !
january . . . q . l . h . c - t . 90 high 3 . 50 . . . . 389 % gain !
april . . i . p . y . s - at . 30 high 1 . 10 . . . . . 266 % in two days
video
without boundaries , inc . : v . d . w . b
current - price : $ 1 . 12
short - term target : $ 3 . 50
12 - month target
20 . 00 buyout price
shares
in float : 2 . 5 million
vdwbs
competitive advantages
vdwbs mediaready 4000 set - top computer / dvd / cd product won best of
show at the jan
2004 comdex
microsoft released
its version of the exact same product as vdwbs but is $ 800 more and didnt
win any awards at comdex
vdwb has signed distribution agreements with major internet isps and with its
lower cost is
receiving significant more interest than even the microsoft box .
vdwb is in the process of executing agreements with all major studios and labels
to provide video - on - demand to its system , the first viable product to make
in - home theatre choices a reality
mediaready 4000 is the first commercial set top box that is a computer and
dvd - cd
player / writer bundled together . it connects to the t . v . , stereo , home computer
network and the
internet to bring all capabilities into one unit .
about the company goto vwbinc . com
video without boundaries , inc . ( otcbb : vdwb ) , is a leader in the converging
digital media
on demand , enhanced home entertainment and emerging interactive consumer
electronics markets .
vwb is focused on home entertainment media products and solutions that enhance
the consumer
experience , while providing new revenue opportunities for online music and movie
content
providers . vwb , and its subsidiaries , are leading suppliers of broadband
products , services and
content including its ability to deliver broadcast quality digital video and web
interactivity at
transfer rates as low as 56 k
mediareadyt 4000 , a breakthrough internet / dvd player that combines feature - rich
tv , email ,
internet browser , karaoke , and mp 3 / cd / dvd / mpeg - 1 / mpeg - 2 / mpeg - 4 playback with an
on - board hard drive for digital storage of movies , tv programs , photos , music ,
and other
audio / video information . the product is expected to reach retail shelves in q 4
of 2003 .
today , there are a variety of growing broadband entertainment options for
consumers to access
and view on their home pc . we envision that the ultimate , and widely adopted ,
access point for
this media is through traditional consumer electronic points - of - presence in the
home or
automobile . the mediaready 4000 is the ultimate set - top all in one box that
allows
consumers to utilize all of their in - place traditional home electronics
equipment while providing
access to online entertainment services and media such as movies , music and
other digital media .
this profile is not without bias , and is a paid release . writers and mailers have been compensated for the dissemination of company information on behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release . parties involved in the creation and distribution of this profile have been compensated 50 , 000 dollrs by a third party ( third party ) , who is non - affiliated , for services provided including dissemination of company information in this release . pr and other individuals and other creators and mailers of this letter will sell all of its original shares during the distribution of this profile . parties involvedwill immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by profile creators and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by pr individuals involved . our optin mailing services for a company may cause the company stock price to increase , in which event involved parties would make a profit when it sells its stock in the company . in addition , our selling of a company stock may have a negative effect on the market price of the stock . the past profiles are only the winers not all of our recommendatlons
