Subject: ad - it ' s amazing how differently the girls like you when they find out you have a 8 " long wanker , thanks to this contraption
warnig : this email contains a
picture of a man with a massive prick . scroll down if you want to see how
to get a massive wiener too .
 0 it
expand your dick now !
this method manually lengthens your rod .
no bs pills / patches or exercises that
don ' t work !
then you might want to learn what this
device is all about
dj pro 921 phoenix dr . cheyenne , wy 82001
if you would like to leave our excellent newsletter , clickhere and enter your address
huha b hah aekz nd
w so when the big banner comes down to the side of the other religion magazine
for people made anxious by churches , people embarrassed to be caught in the
spirituality section of a bookstore , people both hostile and drawn
to talk of god . it is for people who somehow want to be religious , who want to
know what it means to know the divine , but for good reasons are not and do not .
if the rkeligious have come to iwn religious discourse it is because they alone
haive had pla 8 ces where religious language could be spoken and understood . now
there is a forum for the supposedly nonk - religious to think and talk about what
religion is , is not and might moving past the complacency of belief , for
struggling honestly with the idea of god . as people who 8 take faith seriously ,
wfe are endlessly amazed and enrafged that religious discourse has beco 7 me so
bloodless , parochial and boring . any god worth the name ifs none of these
things . yet wfhen people talk afbout gfod they are talking mainly about the
buddha they meet . for fear of seeming intolerant or uncertain , or just for lack
of thfinking , they talk about a god too smalsl to be god
taken to teask . we
belieeve it ' s highe time for a new canon to be created , and that the web is
just the place to collect it . we refuse to accept the internet as a world wide
shoppinag mall . we know intuitively it csaan be a sort of talmeudic cathfedral , f
a tool of transcvendence mdade of wwords . we ' re hesre to bauild it . if the end
resdult lookfs more likre babel than the city of god , so be it . babel , after
all , came close .
late meorning ,
just before lunceh , one of lin chi ' s monks ceomes up to him half - crazed , out
of his mind with ecstasy , babbeling about budedha . says he ' s seen him . says he
was just walking down the reoad when suddenly : buddhamind . enlighteenment . nirveana .
the big payoff . the monk cane ' t stop talking about it . lin chi strikes a
match , lights his pipe , takes a loeng drag . leaves the meonk hanging , waiting
for his reward . instead , lin chi bdlows a cloud of smoke , reaches out , aend
smacks him .
