Subject: plane crash of 31 st of october 1999
from : mr frank fido
director , delivery / operations
re : plane crash of 31 st of october 1999
i am mr frank fido , the director of delivery / operations in a
security company here in south africa . our firm is a security company of high repute with years of outstanding service to the people of africa especially top government officials and military leaders here in africa . i have resolved to contact you through this medium based on business proposal that will be of mutual benefit to both of us . i have not discussed this transaction with anybody because it is of top ecret .
to be explicit and straight to the point , some time early 1997 , a
reputable client of ours deposited a consignment in our company ' s
vault for safe keeping . and since then our client has failed to come forward to claim his consignment , which has accumulated a considerable amount of money in demurrage . consequently , in our bid to contact this client to redeem his consignment to prevent more accumulation of demurrage , we discovered that our client was engineer robert fitzpatrick who worked for a multinational company in europe and on the 31 st of october 1999 , he and his wife were involved in a plane crash on board egyptian boeing 767 from america that crashed into the atlantic ocean off the massachusetts coast early sunday morning , about half an hour after leaving new york ' s jf kennedy international airport ( see website for details )
since the death of our client engineer robert fitzpatrick , none of his
benefactors has come forward to claim the consignment with us , which
means that non of his relatives or aids had any knowledge of this
consignment . hence out of curiosity i decided to secretly scan the box that our client deposited in our vault . and to my surprise i discovered that the two boxes that were registered as treasures by our client actually contained a considerable amount of money in united states dollars estimated to be over us $ 15 million us dollar . since this development i have been nursing plans secretly .
my investigation revealed that late mr fitzpatrick had the intention of establishing an oil drilling / engineering firm in africa and was moving saving the money for that purpose .
. it is my conviction that the consignment in our vault was part of the money that our client intended for use for realize his ambitions . now that he is dead there is no trace to this money in our care . i am now soliciting your noble assistance to in transferring this money out of south africa to your country for immediate investment with your assistance .
i have also decided that you will generously be entitled to 40 % of the
total amount . upon my receipt of your reply confirming your willingness
to assist me in this transaction , i will immediately arrange and ransfer all the rights of ownership of this consignment to your name to facilitate your easy clearance and transfer of the complete funds to your country for onwards investment . this transaction is 100 % risk free . please maintain absolute confidentiality on this matter .
i await your most prompt response .
yours faithfully .
mr frank fido
