Subject: urgent and confidential needed
dr . leonard rado .
email : leonardrado 200 @ netscape . net
att : ceo / md .
urgent
kindly accept my apology for sending unsolicited mail to you . although we never met before , i have every reason to believe that you are a highly respected personality considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human database on your country . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with event and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headline in the cnn , bbc news bulletins , my name is dr . leonard rado , from liberia , a country in west africa . formal finance minister in liberia .
since the president ( charles taylor ) was removed from office and the security council on march 16 th 2004 shot listed my name as one of the higher government officials close to the president ( charles taylor ) and impose traveling ban on me with other close associate . you can as well check on the webpage provided below :
during the political crisis as a finance minister i secretly deposited one trunk box tag as diplomatic item of high value with a security and finance company in abroad , ( name withheld for security reasons ) . all the legal documents of the deposit is right here with me .
presently , i have nothing with me because the present government has seized all my account and im now left with this box deposited in a security company . my decision to contact you is therefore , inform by this and due to my present social , political statue and total ignorance of business in the western world . i believe you will appreciate the enormity of trust i repose on you by placing the fortunes of our family in your care .
permit me to request that you should reassure me that you would not let me down in any way . on my part this is my assurance and guarantee to you . in as much as you follow my instructions carefully . religiously and promptly my guarantee of a hitch - free success remains unshakable . i have contacted the security and finance company to confirm the deposit , which worth twenty five million united state dollars ( $ 25 million dollars )
you will be given 20 % of the total sum at the end of the transaction and 5 % for any expense you incure during the process of clearance . if you will be willing to assist me claim the money and invest it in a profitable business venture in your country . i want to assure you that all modalities are in place and it is risk free transaction . for security reasons i dont want to talk about this transaction on phone until the tension of this traveling restriction is over . every correspondence should be forwarded to this email : leonardrado 200 @ netscape . net by this time .
this proposal is highly restricted and should be handle as an urgent transaction requiring trust and confidentiality .
thanks while looking forward to hearing from you soonest .
my kindest regards ,
dr . leonard rado .
