Subject: re [ 9 ] buy this stock tttp
tttp * * * * * tttp * * * * * tttp * * * * * tttp
stock
finder newsletter
wants to inform
aggressive investors of a company that we feel is
extremely undervalued and poised for growth
12 to 20 plus inc ( otcbb : tttp )
fiscal year
end : dec 3152 week high : $ . 25 shares outstanding : 30
millionshares in the public float : 4 million
target price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 80 target price in next
10 days : $ 0 . 92
the
company
12 to 20 plus ,
inc . ( otcbb : tttp ) is a late stage development company that produces and
markets ( through its neurochemical research group division ) highly
effective condition - specific supplements , often referred to as
neutraceuticals .
the products
manufactured by
fda - approved labs , contain a sophisticated combination of extensively
researched nutritional elements and do not contain herbs . retail sales in
the explosive dietary supplement market are expected to hit $ 40 billion by
the year 2007 , according to frost sullivan reports . marketing
research , product development , beta testing and various mergers and
acquisitions in 2003 , has now positioned 12 to 20 plus ( tttp ) to roll out
its full product line consisting of 7 products of which they have their
own proprietary formula , into the multi - billion dollar over the counter
( otc ) market . 12 to 20 plus is ready to capitalize on its exceptional
product line .
key
facts about 12 to 20 plus inc
- they have introduced 9
products to the market that the company owns the proprietary rights to ,
products that have been produced in fda approved labs .
- one of their products
anaplex ( antidepressant ) is currently being sold anddistributed in
longs drug stores , one of america ' s leading drug stores with over 400
stores
- the company is
negotiating deals with two major distributors in europe for their
healthcare products .
- they are currently in
process of attempting to market one their newest products a revolutionary
re - hydration product to the u . s military and to allied forces
overseas .
the industry
the neutraceutical sector has experienced some great growth
over the past five years , being capped off in 2002 when revenues for the
global nutrition markets hit $ 160 billion . united states took
responsibility for about 1 / 3 of that , with $ 56 . 5 billion , 18 . 5 coming from
the nutrition markets , $ 19 . 8 from functional foods , and $ 4 . 4 billion from
personal care products . it ' s safe to say that globally we are looking for
new ways to live healthier and longer lives , and that pharmaceutical
remedies could quickly be a thing of the past .
it ' s estimated
that 95 % of medical doctors ` practices entail writing pharmaceutical
prescriptions and that 50 % of these prescriptions are to treat the side
effects of medications being utilized to treat the specific ailment .
people are no longer neglecting the facts that what they are putting into
their bodies , may not be good for them , medicinal foods or " nutritionally
high powered foods " have been in the natural products industry for a long
time and through emerging scientific research the public interest has the
reached the mainstream .
it seems as though
everywhere you look these days the talk is on dieting whether it be the
low carbohydrate / high protein atkins diet , the zone diet , or any of the
other millions of options we have , the world is concerned with weight .
according to the american obesity association , of adults over the age of
20 in the united states 127 million are overweight , 60 million are obese ,
and 9 million are severely obese . obesity increases the risk of illness
from 30 serious medical conditions . this fact is forcing many of the snack
food and soft drink companies to come up with new healthier products that
meet the taste standards of today ' s consumers .
comparable companies in this
sector
- usana health
sciences inc ( nasdaq : usna ) current price $ 27 . 39 - nutraceutical
international corp ( nasdaq : nutr ) current price $ 25 . 97 - vital living inc
( otcbb : vtlv ) current price $ . 68
dis . claimer
this contains forward - lo 0 king statements within the
meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these
statements may be identified by such terms as expect " , " believe " , " may " ,
" will " , " explode " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . the
information in the above statement could not be 100 % accurate and the
newsletter is not responsible for this . we are not a registered investment
advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell
securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies
profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that
learn of the profiled companies . this newsletter was paid $ 3000 in cash by
third - - party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is
high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if
anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole
risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advertisement
from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on
the information presented , do additional independent research to form your
own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be
advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the
loss of your entire investment . void where prohibited . the owners of this
publication or their partners may already own free trading shares in tttp
and may immediately sell all or a the time this date stated and are
subject to change without
notice .