Subject: big news will take this stock to the next level
otcbb stock alert ' s last two picks :
iotn from . 74 to 3 . 65 in 8 days for a gain of 393 % !
mobl from . 09 to . 29 in 6 days for a gain of 223 % !
here is our next explosive stock pick :
diversified product inspections , inc . ( otc - bb : dpri )
buy at . 33
sell target . 94 = diamond play !
major contract announcements and
huge newsletter coverage this week for dpri !
dpri has been saving the largest insurance companies in the us $ millions
for over 14 years by performing defective product and fire investigations and
air quality analysis . the number of annual product inspections performed by
dpri with regard to investigating defects has tripled to 10 , 000 per year up
from 3 , 000 three years ago as insurers see the financial rewards of
identifying the exact cause of a defective or failed product .
dpri reported positive earnings of . 04 cents per share in 2003 with . 07 cents
per share expected for the current year . the stock should be trading
conservatively at over 1 . 50 on the strength of those figures .
dpri ' s client base reads like a who ' s - who of the insurance industry
including allstate , fireman ' s fund , hartford , liberty mutual , nationwide ,
prudential , republic , state farm and travelers . dpri has the largest and
most thorough database in the us for identifying product defects that are
responsible for hundreds of millions in damage . dpri has little to no
competitors in this arena and just signed a contract for a single company to
pay them $ 1 million for access to this database over a 10 year period . that ' s
just one company out of hundreds that can ' t afford to be without this
valuable information .
billionaire - financial genius warren buffet has grown his berkshire
hathaway empire ( trading at over $ 80 , 000 per share ) on the explosive cash
flow from 3 insurance subsidiaries : national indemnity , geico , and
reinsurance giant general re .
dpri is being force - fed ever increasing amounts of business by the leading
core of this very successful sector but has remained below the radar of
investors , thus creating a share price that is artificially undervalued . dpri
has the proven experience that fosters escalating revenues and growth . based
on the very small float and the ability for the stock to jump sharply on any
real volume , upcoming news and continuous profits will lead to increased
exposure in conjunction with a soaring stock price .
we are expecting significant upcoming news regarding increased revenues
and contract expansion from dpri ' s fortune 500 customer base . look for
record volume and price appreciation as dpri may very well be one of the
most undervalued stocks on the otcbb !
required dpri information : otcbb stock alert is an independent
newsletter with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to
make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not
provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an offer
to
buy or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk .
it is recommended that any investment should be made after consulting with
your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial statements of the
company . otcbb stock alert presents information in this online report
believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance
does not insure similar future results . otcbb stock alert received fifteen
thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party with respect to the
preparation of this special online report as an effort to build investor
awareness for dpri . the information reported herein contains future -
looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of
the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act
of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the
featured company . future - looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates , and projections at the time the statements are made that involve
a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ
materially from those presently anticipated .
