Subject: ( urgent business assistance strictly confidential )
( urgent business assistance strictly confidential )
compliments of the season
good day !
i am the manager of bills and exchange at the foriegn remittance department of the ( abn amro bank amsterdam ) . i am writting you this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this transaction . we discovered some abandoned sum $ 15 , 500 , 000 ( fifteen million , five hundred thousand u . s dollar ) in an account that belongs to one of our foriegn customer who died along - side his entire family in march this year in a terrorist train bomb blast in spain some few months ago . since this development , we have advertised for his next of kin or any close relation to come forward to claim this money , but nobody came yet to apply for the claim .
to this effect , i and other official in my department have decided to look for a trusted foriegn partner who can stand in as the next of kin of the deceased as we cannot do it only ourselves and claim this money . we need a foreign partner to apply for the claim on our behalf because of the fact that the customer was a foreign and we don ' t want this money to go into the treasury as unclaimed fund .
every document to effect this process will emanate from my table and i will perfect every document to be in accordance with the banking law and guideline , so you have nothing to worry about and we have agreed that 30 % of this money will be for you , while 10 % will be for any expenses incured on both sides wihile 60 % will be for my colleagues and me .
if you are willing to help us , please indicate by replying this letter and putting in your name , private telephone number , fax and permanent residential address via my private email address below . i awaits your immediate response to enable us start this transaction as soon as i recieved your reply , i will send you a text application form for immediate applicatiion of claim .
please contact me even if you are not intrested in my proposal to you to enable us scout for another partner in the event of non - interest on your part .
thanks for your co - operation
e - mail : pietjan 2000 @ netscape . net
mr piet van jan
