Subject: urgent problems with your website , return call to joseph
attn : president , director of marketing , it
please return call to joseph at 1 - 800 - 628 - 0418
to who it may concern ,
the reason why i am writing to you right now is that i am looking
at your website and i was just searching in google and yahoo and
you may not be aware that your website is not listed on the first
2 - pages of the search results on your main keywords in your
business that you have listed on your source code . are you
familiar with keywords ?
i am bringing this to your attention now because statistically
85 % of websites are found from search engines and 99 % of users
only visit the first 2 - pages of search results . do you understand
what i mean ?
our company specializes in search engine optimization , a unique
service that will guarantee that your website be listed on the
first 2 - pages across the major search engines , and for only
us $ 1 . 80 per month per keyword phrase - guaranteed lowest prices
in the world per keyword .
you may ask yourself why do i need a professional seo company to
optimize my site ? the reason is that the average search gets one
million website listings , so getting your site listed
consistently on the first 2 - pages out of 1 million websites is
virtually impossible without the help of a professional search
engine optimization company like us .
but even better , we have a very unique technology to research the
most popular typed in keywords that users are typing into the
search box daily and we will let you know exactly all of the
keywords that your target market is searching for to find your
business . this will definitely generate a lot more visibility
on - line for your website , and more traffic and sales .
we found hundreds of search terms that you are missing on your
site that would generate more traffic and sales .
now , what we would like to do for you is some further in - depth
research on all of the possible keywords for promoting your
website after you ge me back a call at 1 - 800 - 628 - 0418 .
i look forward to doing business with you .
kindest regards ,
joseph d alleva
it director
traffic bus inc .
world ' s leader in seo
129 south van buren street
rockville , md 20850 usa
usa toll free
1 - 800 - 628 - 0418
