Subject: assistance required for acquisition of estates .
min . of local govt . , public works , national housing
zimbabwe
dear sir
re : assistance required for acquisition of estates .
i write to inform you of my desire to acquire estates or landed properties in your country on behalf of myself , ignatius chombo being the honourable minister , for local government , public works and national housing and of course the director of contracts and finance allocation of the
federal ministry of works and housing in zimbabwe .
considering this very strategic and influential position , we would want this transaction to be strictly as confidential as possible . we further want our identity to remain undisclosed at least for now , until the completion of the transaction . hence our desire to have an overseas agent . we want you represent us in this transaction so as to ensure our offshore reserve is kept out of international glare because , you would been aware that the european nations , britain and of course the united states has slammed sanctions on zimbabwe and as such our accounts might be frozen in the nearest future .
i have therefore been directed to inquire if you would agree to act as our overseas agent in order to actualise this transaction . the deal in brief is that the funds with which to carry out our proposed investments in your country is presently in a coded account an apex financial institution in europe which of course i would make known to you in due course and we need your assistance to transfer the funds to your country or any safe account outside your country in a convenient bank account that will be provided by you before we can put the funds into use . for this you shall be considered to have executed a contract for the ministry . the contract sum of which shall run into us $ 15 . 5 million of which your share shall be 30 % if you agree to be our overseas agent . your area of specialisation does not matter in this transaction , all that is required of you is a safe account and your willingness to assist us acquire estates in your country .
as soon as payment is effected and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account , we intend to use our own share in acquiring some estates abroad . for this too , you shall serve as our agent . it might interest you to note that last year , a similar transaction was carried out with one mr . chienchen yu of taiwan but after securing the payment approvals , and payment effected , mr . chienchen yu changed his numbers and addresses , and was no where to be found on our getting to taiwan . that was how we lost us $ 7 . 5 million . so this time around , i will be represented in europe with you before the remittance is made into your provided account to avoid future occurrence and allow trust to play a very minimal role until performance is seen .
you are requested to communicate your acceptance or otherwise of this proposal , through my email address . after which we shall discuss in details the modalities for seeing this transaction through . if however , you are not disposed to assist , kindly destroy this letter in view of the confidentiality of the proposed transaction and interest of personalities involved .
thank you in anticipation of your co - operation .
best regards ,
ignatius chombo ( hon )
ignatius _ chombo @ diplomats . com
