Subject: 
miss . elizabeth kumbo .
unhcr refugee camp ,
bumari ,
senegal .
dear sir
i know that this proposal might be a surprise to you but do consider it as an emergency . in a nut shell , i am miss . elizabeth kumbo , 20 years old from the republic of liberia in west - africa , now am seeking aslyum ( refugee ) in dakar - senegal under
the ( unhcr ) . the only child of late dr . charles kumbo .
i got your contact from the internet in dakar for a possible transaction . my late father was the managing director of glamourgold and diamond mine company in ( monrovia , liberia ) . but he was killed along side with my mother during the longing civil war in liberia and all his properties were totally destroyed .
however , after their death i managed to escape with a very important document - deposit certificate of ( us $ 10 . 5 m ) ten million five hundred thousand u . s dollars only . this amount was deposited by my late father in a bank in senegal . the deposit documents indicate me as the next of kin . presently , i am saddled with the problem of securing a trust worthy foriegn personality to help me as follows :
1 . stand on my behalf in senegal as the beneficiary for the claim of the inheritance from the bank since the bank adviced that i should solicit for an individual or corporate organization to claim the deposit for me as they cannot release it directly to me due to my age and refugee status in senegal .
2 . transfer the money over to your own country and into your possession pending my arrival to meet with you .
3 . invest and manage the money for me in a good business pending my maturity .
4 . help me secure my travelling documents to meet you as soon as my money is released to you .
furthermore , on the acceptance and confirmation that you will help me , the letter of authority will be issued in your name , that will enable the bank to deal with you on my behalf . i am giving you this offers as mentioned with every confidence on your
acceptance to assist , adopt me as your daughter and manage the money for me . you can contact me through my email address : elizabethkumbo @ netexecutive . com
conclusively , thanking you in anticipation of your swift and favourable response immediately you recieve this letter .
may god almighty protect and guide you as you help you me out of very bad condition in which i am .
until then , i remain with the best .
regards
miss . elizabeth kumbo .
