Subject: fwd : stop emails like this one . . selves
if you receive a vast amount of bulk email then please read on .
this is email was sent to you so you may stop unwanted emails from entering your inbox .
let me tell you a little bit about myself and why i am imposing on your valuable time .
my name is jeffrey and i have been in business on the internet selling health supplements
for over 10 years . can you imagine the amount of spam i used to receive daily after 10
years of business ? let me tell you . it was overwhelming to say the least . in a short
amount of time was very difficult to operate my online business . my inboxes where filled
with advertisements for every product and get rich quick scheme out there .
since my email accounts were for business use and all of my customers knew me by them ,
it was imperative that i kept them . i was determined to stop my inboxes from getting
cluttered every day . i tried every method possible to keep my inboxes clean but it was
getting worse by the month . after spending hundreds of dollars on spam blockers and
countless hours i finally found the perfect solution . it is called email box filter .
email box filter was a lifesaver for me . i literally stopped the hundreds of unwanted
emails i was getting everyday and have not missed one single important email . on top of
all that i have eliminated any email virus threat . here is a link where you can see all the
facts . http : / / www . smartpurchase 2004 . com / efilter
add your address here to be taken out of our datbase .
http : / / www . smartpurchase 2004 . com / mbfr . htm or you can write to me at :
market re - search
8721 santa monica boulevard
# 1105
los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507
prerogative kaolin appeal copious olaf deter jennifer longtime farfetched tootle albrecht cable standby country abject deerstalker corcoran all shareown ansi sabotage rapacious traverse jones doodle cheesy gaulle comprise morphism zigzag ingestion comatose jeff erosible tippy abate adobe filter ut irreversible paycheck anabaptist thwack cerebrate ostensible isocline ramp landfill shrew tangy stammer tribesmen nolo chatham pizzicato crania
