Subject: congratulations ! ! !
from : the lottery coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
dear sir / madam ,
results for third category draws
protea games south africa wishes to inform you of the
results of it ' s promotional draws held on the 5 th june
2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you
have emerged a winner under our third category draws ,
which is part of our promotional draws . participants
were selected through a computer ballot system drawn
from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and
companies from africa , america , asia , australia ,
canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part
of our international promotions program .
you / your company , attached to ticket number 01 - 87 - 436 ,
with serial number 61 - 217 drew the lucky numbers 08 ,
28 , 29 , 36 , 44 , 47 ( 31 ) , and consequently won in the
third category .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of
us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million five hundred thousand
united states dollars ) in cash , which is the winning
payout for third category winners . this is from the
total prize money of us $ 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 2
international winners in the third category .
congratulations !
your fund is now deposited with interscope finance
group insured in your name . in your best interest and
also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind ,
we request that you keep the entire details of your
award strictly from public notice until the process of
transferring your claims has been completed , and your
funds remitted to your account . this is part of our
security protocol to avoid double claiming or
unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of
this program .
we also wish to bring to your notice our mid year
( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning
up to us $ 10 . 5 million , we hope that with a part of
your prize you will participate .
please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin
your claims process ;
mr . paul prescott ,
foreign department manager ,
interscope finance group .
tel / fax : + 27 828675346
email : p _ prescottl @ . net
for due processing and remittance of your prize money
to a designated account of your choice .
remember , you must contact your claim agent not later
than a week from the date of receipt of this notification .
after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
note : for easy reference and identification , find
below your reference and batch numbers , remember to
quote these numbers in every one of your
correspondence with your claims agent .
reference number : pg 3 - bl
batch number : gbh - 2
congratulations once again from all our staff and
thank you for being part of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
lottery coordinator
protea games south africa
65 everson street ,
linden - 2104 ,
johannesburg ,
south africa .
tel / fax : + 27 823622669
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the
winners will result to disqualification . please do not
reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . ( terms
and conditions apply )
e - mail poslan preko web servisa hrs - a - http : / / www . hamradio . hr
