Subject: newsletter # 4051
urgent trading alert - eesi - stock market news flash
significant short term trading profits in a hot internet issue ( ticker : eesi )
eesi is one of the most overlooked and undervalued stocks that we have seen lately , and is poised to see major price gains over the next week . eesi will see much higher trading levels over the next few days and offers savvy investors the chance to make huge short term trading gains . don ' t miss out on this unique opportunity . june 7 - june 11 .
special alert
emerging enterprise solutions , inc . ( otc pink sheets : eesi )
current price : $ 0 . 08
shares outstanding : 49 million
est . public float : 12 . 0 million
market capitalization : $ 1 . 96 million
short term target : $ 0 . 30
12 month target : $ 1 . 00
take a look at our some of our most recent strong buy recommendations . . .
. november cftn at 0 . 40 high 2 . 62 . . . 655 % gain !
. november gdvi at 0 . 04 high 0 . 29 . . . 625 % gain !
. december htsc at 0 . 70 high 2 . 95 . . . 329 % gain !
. april / march dmty at 0 . 30 high 0 . 90 . . . 300 % gain !
. april nalg at 0 . 76 high 1 . 60 . . . 110 % gain ! in two days
. april ipys at 0 . 38 high 1 . 10 . . . 189 % gain ! in two days
. april gxri at 1 . 21 high 1 . 95 . 62 % gain ! in three days
- - eesi is a rapidly emerging direct sales company with two main divisions - bayport , inc . offers a complete line of high - quality products for the high growth $ 52 billion personal care industry - american business resource network provides a complete system of educational training and instructional seminars to help the nation ' s 25 million small and entrepreneurial businesses .
- - eesi is undertaking major growth initiatives which will play out in significant near term revenue growth , and leave the company well positioned to emerge as a major player in the $ 85 billion direct marketing industry ! ! !
a few reasons to own eesi :
1 . eesi ' s bayport subsidiary is an emerging leader in the $ 52 billion personal care market with a product offering of over 70 high quality personal care and health and wellness items . the bayport line is distributed through direct sales , the internet , infomercials , and trade shows . bayport is completing installation of advanced order processing and fulfillment software that will enable it to meet high sales volumes , and is developing relationships with outside sales groups to ramp sales efforts .
2 . bayport is addressing lucrative markets with its personal care and health wellness offerings . personal care and cosmetic care is a $ 52 . 7 billion industry that is growing at a cagr of 5 . 7 % , while bayport ' s niche markets provide ample growth opportunities ( skin care is a $ 19 billion industry , for example ) . the health wellness industry is estimated at over $ 59 billion and has been growing at a rate of 10 % annually , as american consumers seek better health and appearance .
3 . eesi has created an innovative and unique service offering with american business resource network . abrn will provide three complimentary levels of services , a " a " getting your business started on the right track " software package which includes all of the forms and templates necessary to form a business ; a more advanced series of educational seminars covering topics relevant to start - up business needs ; and the national investment congress - an organization hosting annual conventions to showcase companies for national investment exposure and financing .
4 . there are over 25 million individual and small businesses in the us , with over 1 million small business failures each year and a majority of new start - ups closing within 5 years due to owner inexperience , lack of familiarity with capital structure , and other issues . abrn is one of the first businesses to specifically address this significant market opportunity .
5 . direct marketing is a dynamic and explosive growth industry with revenues of over $ 85 billion - in the us alone the industry is expected to reach $ 35 billion by 2005 . increasingly network marketing has become popular not just among specialty businesses like avon and mary kay , but with corporate america as well .
6 . eesi has recently launched telemarkone , a call center and telemarketing operation that will provide support for bayport and abrn operations as well as an additional revenue stream through contracts with major corporations . telemarkone has already signed agreements with att wireless and california long distance co . and eesi management estimates that this arm of the company will add at least $ 2 million in net income over the next 12 months .
7 . eesi has a strong and experienced management team with long and successful histories in key operating markets . ceo gary sherman has an extensive investment banking background , while bayport leaders james and betty porter have a wide range of experience in the direct marketing and personal care industries .
with a strong position in the direct marketing industry , innovative operations in personal care / health wellness , business education , and telemarketing , eesi stands poised to see major near term revenue growth . eesi is improving its sales infrastructure , and we expect to see significant announcements over the next several months .
about eesi - - go to bayportinc . com and abrninc . com
we urge you to invest now , and take advantage of this unique opportunity to invest in a rapidly growing and soon - to - be profitable new player in the direct marketing industry . the best news is that , at its current price of $ 0 . 04 , eesi offers a low risk opportunity to see huge trading gains . this stock could reach $ 0 . 30 in the next week of trading ! ! !
this profile is not without bias , and is a paid release . writers and mailers have been compensated for the dissemination of company information on behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release . parties involved in the creation and distribution of this profile have been compensated 50 , 000 dollars by a third party ( third party ) , who is non - affiliated , for services provided including dissemination of company information in this release . pr and other individuals and other creators and mailers of this letter will sell all of its original shares during the distribution of this profile . parties involved will immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by profile creators and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by pr individuals involved . our optin mailing services for a company may cause the company stock price to increase , in which event involved parties would make a profit when it sells its stock in the company . in addition , our selling of a company stock may have a negative effect on the market price of the stock . the past profiles are only the winners not all of our recommendations
