Subject: newsletter # 4586
new york times financial digest
investor alert on new hot issue
take a look at our some of our most recent
strong buy
recommendations . . .
november gdvi at 0 . 04 high 0 . 29 . . . 625 %
gain !
december htsc at 0 . 70 high 2 . 95 . . . 329 %
gain !
march / april dmty at 0 . 30 high 0 . 90 . . . 300 % gain !
april ipys at 0 . 38 high 1 . 10 . . . 189 % gain
in two days !
may / june eesi at 0 . 03 high 0 . 95 . . 317 %
gain in three days !
june dcpi at 1 . 25
don ' t miss out ! 300 % gains expected . . . . .
( otc - bb : dcpi )
dcpi has developed a revolutionary digital printing technology recognized to be
the solution to variable graphical / color printing processes by industry leaders
such as ibm ( nyse : ibm ) ; xerox ( nyse : xrx ) and siemens ( nyse : si ) whose
products only print in black via laser products . dcpi ' s commercial printing
application hardware / software and printing consumable products are expected to
dominate the printing enhancement market ( $ 5 billion plus + + in 2002 ) over the
next several years . dcpi ' s initial target market of more than 4 , 000 large scale
commercial printing companies of the total of 46 , 000 establishments is expected
to drive revenue growth to the tens of millions within its first few years ,
further providing an ongoing revenue stream from the sales of printing
consumable products for years to come .
special investment alert
digital color print , inc . ( otc bulletin board : dcpi )
current price : $ 1 . 25
shares outstanding : 24 . 6 million
market capitalization : $ 31 million
short term target : $ 3 . 00
12 month target : $ 9 . 00
a few reasons to own dcpi :
digital color print , inc . ( dcpi ) , through it ' s wholly owned subsidiary logical
imaging solutions ( lis ) , is in the business of supplying high - speed digital
printing systems and supplies to the commercial printing industry . the printing
systems are unique in technical concept and application . the systems are totally
digital , designed to mount on existing offset web presses and significantly
improve the functionality of the press , not as a replacement - but as an
enhancement . the printing process is called electron beam imaging ( ebi ) , and
is significantly faster the convention laser printing - the only partially
competing technology .
printing is america ' s third largest manufacturing industry ; employing more than
1 . 2 million people in almost 46 , 000 establishments . the printing industry ,
during 2002 , produced over $ 165 billion of printed products and purchased $ 4 . 5
billion of hardware and $ 7 . 7 billion of consumable products . nyse - listed dover
corporation , the largest manufacturer of offset web presses , estimates that
there are more than 35 , 000 presses installed in the u . s . , with a press costing
from $ 150 , 000 to several million and using as much as $ 10 , 000 of consumable
products per month .
offset presses print all types of documents ; forms , labels , tickets , tags ,
advertisements and direct mail pieces , at production rates of 500
pages - per - minute ( ppm ) to thousands of ppm . however , the printed materials
produced are each identical , as each image printed is the offset inked image
derived from the printing plates that are mounted on the offset press . the great
limitations of the offset process are that each image ( page ) remains identical
unless the printing plates are changed . also the inking of the plates requires
the laborious tasks of mixing the inks for each plate , inking the plates and
then cleaning the press for the next job . if the print job requires variable
information , such as ; name , address , bar codes , dates , prices , this must be
added in a distinctly separate print operation . typically this task is performed
by expensive data processing laser printers , manufactured by either xerox , ibm
or oce ' ( formerly , siemens printing systems ) . the laser printers print only in
black .
lis printing systems are designed to mount directly on most offset web presses
and allow for the printing of any type of data or graphics , without limitation ,
and in line with the offset presses traditional production of a colorful end
product . as a simple example : in the production of an event ticket such as a superbowl
ticket , all fixed or non - variable information , such as the colorful
photo - quality front cover and the stadium rules and disclaimers on the reverse
side of the ticket are produced by plates on an offset press ; identical
information on each ticket . a second printing process is then required to add
the variable information , which includes the section , seat and row numbers ,
price and date of the event . this function can be accomplished , in line , by an
lis provided system .
lis printing systems are entirely digital and are dry toner based , which
precludes the laborious press set - up and clean - up tasks , ink mixing and storage
and the production of printing plates . the pressman simply runs the paper
directly through lis ' s printer and it becomes an integral part of the press and
the starting and stopping of the press and the placement of the digital object
on the page are all under the control of lis proprietary software .
nyse - listed dover corporation , the largest manufacturer of offset web presses ,
estimates that there are more than 35 , 000 presses installed in the u . s . , with a
press costing from $ 150 , 000 to several million and using as much as $ 10 , 000 of
consumable products per month . dcpi ' s digitalcolorpress was designed to be
installed on the majority of these presses , extending their life and utility by
providing the printing of computer generated variable data in - line with the
offset printing function . further , the system eliminates the need for preparing
and storing printing plates , and inks and the expensive tasks of setting up a
press for a print run , followed by tearing down after each job , cleaning the
press and setting up for the next print job . dcpi estimates that the majority of
printers will upgrade to color during the first two years of the
digitalcolorpress availability and thousands more commercial printers will
purchase systems through dcpi ' s direct sales force and distribution channel
during the next two years .
dcpi ' s first growth step is to increase consumable inventory to support existing
lis systems , each installation generates about $ 6 , 000 per month in consumable
purchases . secondly , to make lis ' s unique color press available from inventory
and expand the current number of installed sites . thirdly , make the product
offering available to the commercial printing industry . large tasks , but
currently without any perceived competition or technological limitation .
this stock will see major upward movement in the next several weeks . right
now , dcpi is one of the street ' s best kept secrets , but it will not remain that
way for long . this is a unique opportunity to get in while trading levels are
still low . as the company goes forward with its business plan and signs major
new contracts , this stock will move quickly . this is your last chance to invest
before dcpi begins major price appreciation . this stock could reach $ 3 . 50 in the
next five trading days !
the writers , pr firm , mailers involved in the creation , and distribution of the
information above are not a registered broker / dealer and may not sell , offer to
sell or offer to buy any security . this profile is not a solicitation or
recommendation to buy , sell securities . an offer to buy or sell can be made only
with accompanying disclosure documents from the company offering or selling
securities and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved . the
material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and based on
assumptions rather than fact . the companies that are discussed in this release
have not approved the statements made in this release nor approved the timing of
this release . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of the
creators and are subject to change without notice . information in this release
is derived from a variety of sources including that company ' s publicly
disseminated information , third parties and the writers research and optimistic
speculation . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted
and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . all involved
in the creation and distribution of this profile / release disclaims any and all
liability as to the completeness or accuracy of the information contained and
any omissions of material fact in this release . the release may contain
technical and factual inaccuracies or typographical errors . it is strongly
recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial
adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies .
investment in the securities of the companys discussed in this release is highly
speculative and carries a high degree of risk . all persons involved in the
creation and distribution of the information in this letter is not liable for
any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . investors are cautioned
that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase
in this security mentioned . any mention of past profiles and returns are not our
stock picks .
this profile is not without bias , and is a paid release . writers and mailers
have been compensated for the dissemination of company information on behalf of
one or more of the companies mentioned in this release . parties involved in the
creation and distribution of this profile have been compensated 40 , 000 dollars
by a third party ( third party ) , who is nonaffiliated , for services provided
including dissemination of company information in this release . pr and other
individuals and other creators and mailers of this letter will sell all of its
original shares during the distribution of this profile . parties involved may
immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by profile
creators and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by pr
individuals involved . our optin mailing services for a company may cause the
company ' s stock price to increase , in which event involved parties would make a
profit when it sells its stock in the company . in addition , our selling of a
company ' s stock may have a negative effect on the market price of the stock . the
past profiles are only the winners not all of our recommendations .
