Subject: read : _ windows xp for 50 bucks
houston johnathon terry barbara mary fredrick estella betsy
sensation ! ! we opened a new site with unbeatable prices and products .
800 world best software with 90 % discount - that is a really best offer
just imagine , you can buy all software that you ever need and pay price of just one of it !
office 2003 for 50 $ - nice deal right ? ; ) retail price is 700 $ - great savings , huh ?
please spend few moments of yours precious time to check our offer - it is more than worth it !
http : / / rebekah . discounted - soft . biz / ? alta
america once had the clarity of the pioneer ax .
everywhere i have sought rest and not found it , except sitting in a corner by myself with a little book .
a vigorous temper is not altogether an evil . men who are easy as an old shoe are generally of little worth .
no comment is a splendid expression . i am using it again and again .
tomorrow , you promise yourself , will be different , yet , tomorrow is too often a repetition of today .
colleges don ' t make fools , they only develop them .
this grandiose tragedy that we call modern art .
some folks won ' t look up until they are flat on their backs
under socialism all will govern in turn and will soon become accustomed to no one governing .
christmas waves a magic wand over this world , and behold , everything is softer and more beautiful .
one cannot walk through an assembly factory and not feel that one is in hell .
if an angel were ever to tell us anything of his philosophy i believe many propositions would sound like 2 times 2 equals 13 .
a bore is a man who , when you ask him how he is , tells you .
a diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip .
nothing wilts faster than laurels that have been rested upon .
in the fight between you and the world , back the world .
the simple lack of her is more to me than others presence .
the best way to know god is to love many things .
the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams .
