Subject: re : qcjfe , huge investor news - gdno will be hot on tuesday 29 th of june
mac gaines , )
must read - urgent stock alert
our last profile of prvh was up 245 % - read the profile for monday 28 th of june
before we continue - very important - it is expected that gdno will have
very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are
expected .
one thing is for sure so far we have not profiled as good company as gdno in
the last 2 months . . so take advantage of this ! ! ! we believe this is our best stock
pick since june 2003 ! !
breaking news for gdno : golden opportunity resources inc . - to farm - in on re - completion
- - - - - - - - - - news above is just exploding - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
+ + urgent trading alert + +
company profile
golden opportunity resources , inc . ,
symbol : gdno
current price : $ 0 . 40
rating : undervalued
recommendation : strong buy
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 39
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 60
we believe this is our best stock pick since june 2003 ! !
we believe this is our best stock pick since june 2003 ! !
* * this is real company with real products and real revenues * * * *
- - - - - - - - - news - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
missoula , mt , jun 25 , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - golden opportunity resources , inc . , ( otc pink : gdno ) a nevada corporation .
the company is pleased to announce that it has entered into an agreement whereby the company can earn a 25 % working interest in a previously drilled oil and gas well in bossier parish , louisiana . the farming agreement calls for golden opportunity to spend $ 250 , 000 usd on the re - completion and hook - up for the rinsland well to a gas pipeline . any remaining unused funds from the re - completion will be used for the drilling of an additional well .
the rinsland well is a multi - zone oil and gas well with multiple re - completion opportunities . the well currently has 2 , 000 lbs . of pressure on a wellhead surface gauge . this pressure is coming from previously perforated zones from 9 , 000 - 9 , 700 feet . work is expected to begin on the re - completion next month .
the company will keep its shareholders updated as this re - completion effort and will make further news releases as new information comes available .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 39
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 60
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
disclaimer
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of gdno shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 6500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . to be removed from further emails send email to
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
stethoscope , werther
, dagger , subjectivity .
azalea , friction
, cadre , workmanlike .
