Subject: 
usa investors daily
upgraded to outperform : arme
armor enterprises , inc ( otc bb : arme )
current price : $ 0 . 87
90 day target : $ 1 . 80
12 month target : $ 5 . 00
shares out : 37 . 7 million
market capitalization : $ 27 . 9 million
- arme is a leader in the design , development , and manufacture of " clean energy " electrical battery power drive systems for land and marine vehicles . the company ' s proprietary lithium - ion electric battery system provides highly efficient and environmentally clean power capable of driving a vehicle at high speeds . arme plans to begin marketing and distribution of a wide range of electric vehicles utilizing these proprietary drive technologies , and will introduce lines of electric bicycles , motor scooters , atv ' s , and other vehicles from late fiscal 2004 .
- with manufacturing and distribution channels already in place for major markets in europe , asia , and the americas , we believe that arme is well positioned to emerge as a major player in an explosive growth $ 16 . 2 billion electric vehicle market that is expected to reach $ 177 billion by 2013 .
1 . armor enterprises is continuing to enhance its product line with new electric vehicles and innovative technologies . the company has recently acquired the rights to produce and install the newest , high tech gas turbine fired generator on all its electric vehicles as a modular component . inclusion of this system will further enhance armor enterprises competitive advantage , enabling its electric vehicles to safely recharge their batteries on board with low pressure hydrogen running a turbine generator - effectively eliminating the need for recharging the vehicle ' s battery while providing additional power . armor enterprises is further working to broaden its planned product offering with the development of new vehicle systems for its technologies . most notably , the company has recently entered into an agreement with nova communications , manufacturer of a line of innovative personal water craft , for joint development of a marine propulsion engine .
2 . the company benefits from its strong and experienced management team , board of directors , and advisory board , who have extensive experiences in the alternative energy and electric vehicle industries , and who have a history of successful tenures at public and private companies . president and ceo merrill moses is an experienced executive and investment banker , and vp of operations ms . cheryl spousta - schertzer has extensive senior management experiences in the telecommunications and high tech industries . the company also benefits from having an active board of directors and advisory board , who have been involved in the development of alternative energy and electric vehicle technologies for nearly twenty years .
3 . armor enterprises is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of a rapidly growing $ 16 . 2 billion electric vehicle industry that is expected to reach revenues of $ 177 billion by 2013 ! driven by improvements in ev storage and drive technologies , increasing government incentives and regulations , and ongoing concerns about the environmental and economic impact of reliance on fossil fuels , the electric vehicle industry has rapidly grown from little more than a curiosity to a multi - billion dollar global business . in the us alone , the ev industry is growing at a cagr of 27 % and is expected to reach industry revenues of more than $ 7 billion by 2005 . with its focus on lucrative , mature , and high growth niche markets within the ev industry , including motor scooters ( a $ 2 . 5 billion market in europe alone ) , off highway motorcycles and atv ' s ( $ 20 billion ) , and personal water craft ( $ 1 . 4 billion ) , we believe that armor enterprises has significant competitive advantages and early - mover status within this niche markets .
4 . armor enterprises has received significant interest in its line of electric vehicles from major distributors and is currently in the testing phase for a number of potential major contract wins . the company has announced a number of significant negotiations with major groups in europe , asia , and the americas for purchase and distribution of armor ' s line of ev products , and we anticipate that delivery of prototype models and testing will serve to validate its offering , leading to major contract and distribution agreements over the next six months . the company has recently undertaken a contract to build and deliver prototypes for its electric mountain bike , electric arv , electric go - kart , and neighborhood electric vehicle ( nev ) to be used as demonstration models for a very large private company . armor enterprises has further undertaken negotiations with one of the largest go - kart race track consortiums in europe to provide models of their electric go - karts for testing . we believe that these and other testing developments will facilitate the development of widescale distribution and sales efforts from late 2004 .
5 . the company derives significant advantages from its established strategic relationship with one of asia ' s largest two wheel vehicle manufacturers , which will prove an invaluable assistance in rapidly ramping up production , building distribution channels , and developing new product lines . strategic alliances and joint ventures are an integral component in the company ' s business strategy , enabling armor to focus its efforts , capital , and resources on core competencies while leveraging the strategic partner ' s expertise in manufacturing and distribution . the strategic relationship with one of the largest two wheeled vehicle manufacturers in the world will provide armor with access to affordable , scalable , and high quality manufacturing and a global network of distributors . this relationship will be provide major impetus for the company ' s near - term revenue and sales growth , and enable the company to meet aggressive sales targets without the capital expenditure normally associated with product development and manufacturing .
armor enterprises , inc . ( otc bb : arme ) is a rapidly expanding provider of land and marine electric vehicles ( ev ) utilizing its proprietary lithium - ion battery storage and drive technologies . the company ' s innovative electric battery power drive system can be easily utilized on a wide range of vehicles including scooters , mopeds , atv ' s , go - karts , and water craft , offering tremendous improvements in range and speed over competitive electric battery products with significantly improved recharge times . armor has also recently acquired licensing rights to an innovative low pressure hydrogen turbine technology which will enable its ev ' s to safely generate battery power onboard while providing additional engine power . we believe that armor enterprises ' product line of electric vehicles are superior in quality , performance , and cost to competitors and further distinguish the company as a leader in the electric vehicle industry .
we think that arme is an investment opportunity that cannot be missed , and strongly urge you to take advantage of the current pricing levels to buy now and see huge short term profits . with introduction of its line of innovative electric vehicles scheduled to begin in late 2004 , arme is poised to see major revenues this year ! ! ! with revenues of over $ 50 million expected for fy 2005 , we believe that arme presents a perfect opportunity to invest on the ground floor of the electric vehicle boom . we believe that arme will see appreciation to levels of approximately $ 5 . 00 per share within the next twelve months , and the stock could reach $ 1 . 50 within the next seven trading days ! !
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks
and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this
action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " ,
" foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will " ,
" anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , "
or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . we have
been paid 20 , 000 dollars for this mailing .
