Subject: urgent and confidential .
from : prince dumont eloy ,
tel : 874 - 763648313
: 874 - 763648314
fax : 874 - 763648315
dear sir . madam ,
my name is prince dumont eloy , i am the operational
manager in account management section incharge of
credit and foreign bills of one of the prime banks
here in south africa . i am writing in respect of a
foreign customer of my bank who perished with his
whole families on 25 th july , 2000 in concorde plane
crash [ flight af 4590 ] with the whole passengers
aboard .
there is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by
this great late industrialist who died without a
written or oral ' will ' attached to the account .
since his death , i personally has watched with keen
interest to see the next of kin but all has proved
abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and
no other person knows about this account or
anything concerning it , the account has no other
beneficiary
and until his death he was the manager of his
company .
the total amount involved is $ 16 , 000 , 000 . 00
usd . [ sixteen million nited states dollar ] . we wish
to start the first transfer with $ 6 , 000 , 000 . 00 [ six
million ] and upon successful transaction without
any disappointment from your side , we shall
re - apply for the transfer of the remaining balance
to your account .
i have secretly discussed this matter with the
general manager of the bank who i must involve in
order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of
the fund to any foreign bank account which you are
going to nominate . on this note , i decided to seek
for a reliable foreigner who will act as the
foreign beneficiary of the fund from the deceased
by providing his / her bank account where the fund
will be transferred for immediate investment on any
viable project as no one has come up to be the next
of kin .
the banking ethics here does not allow such money
to stay more than six years without claim hence the
money will be recalled to the government treasury
as unclaimed after this long period of domancy .
in view of this i got your contact through my
personal search to see if you can assist by
providing your safe bank account for the transfer
or find a reliable person who will be capable of
receiving such amount in his or her personal
account . at the conclussion of the transfer 65 % of
the fund will be for me , i will give you 20 % of the
total transfer sum , 10 % for charity both in africa
and in your country while the remaining 5 % will be
set aside to settle expenses both parties might
incure during the transfer process .
upon the receipt of your reply , i will send to you
a detailed information about the transaction . i
will not fail to bring to your notice that this
business is 100 % risk and trouble free and that you
should not entertain any fear as all modalities for
fund transfer
can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days , after
you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the
fund from the deceased .
when you receive this letter . kindly send me an
e - mail or you can call me or fax me . you should
also include your private fax and phone numbers for
easy and safe communication .
respectfully yours ,
prince dumont eloy .
