Subject: read : _ 800 world best software - 90 % savings
lamont rosemarie beau edgar eliza lula salvatore anastasia
sensation ! ! we opened a new site with unbeatable prices and products .
800 world best software with 90 % discount - that is a really best offer
just imagine , you can buy all software that you ever need and pay price of just one of it !
office 2003 for 50 $ - nice deal right ? ; ) retail price is 700 $ - great savings , huh ?
please spend few moments of yours precious time to check our offer - it is more than worth it !
http : / / brandie . 1500 - programs . biz / ? elijah
there are thousands hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root .
i must say , i don ' t feel very qualified to be a pop star . i feel very awkward at times in the role .
when the stomach is full , it is easy to talk of fasting .
i know not what course others may take but as for me , give me liberty , or give me death .
he who would acquire fame must not show himself afraid of censure . the dread of censure is the death of genius .
classic art was the art of necessity : modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance .
he also who is slack in his work is brother to him who destroys . [ proverbs 18 : 9 ]
perhaps in a book review it is not out of place to note that the safety of the state depends on cultivating the imagination .
these can never be true friends : hope , dice , a prostitute , a robber , a cheat , a goldsmith , a monkey , a doctor , a distiller .
we seem , as it were , to have conquered and peopled half the world in a fit of absence of mind .
how easy it is to judge rightly after one sees what evil comes from judging wrongly !
the folly of all follies is to be love sick for a shadow .
every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying .
the art of creation is older than the art of killing .
fortune makes a fool of those she favors too much .
nobody speaks the truth when there ' s something they must have .
desire is proof of the availability . . .
joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside .
an aged man is but a paltry thing , a tattered coat upon a stick
