Subject: hot stock - report for july , last tracked emrh , nz 2
stock tech - tracker - hot new bio - tech stock - kwbtpast successes - stocks we have recently trackedcwtd in february - . 90 to 8 . 50 - up 800 percentmama in march - 3 . 95 to 13 . 30 - up over 400 percentand we just finished tracking emrh - up from 1 . 00 to 2 . 08 in just one day . emrh is a great new company doing business in the fastest growing market in the world - china . now we are tracking another great company focusing on the chinese market - kwbt - a hot new bio - tech 5 - day target : . 8510 - day target : 1 . 353 - month target : 2 . 50 kwbt is a hot new bio - tech with manufacturing centers in mainland china . highlights : * the chinese agricultural marketplace has a gdp of $ 180 billion and is 14 . 5 % of the national gdp . * kwbt ' s main product is a photosynthesis biological catalyst ( " ph - bc " ) . the first commercialization products in china developed over the last 20 years . * phase 1 production capacity of 150 tons annually is completed . a 3 - year production plan would apply to 12 , 355 , 000 acres . * stimulates plant growth and increases crop yield by as much as 25 % based on 3 year field tests . * sales distribution to over 300 locations throughout china . * strong government support with $ 1 . 8 million subsidized loan from chinese government , a $ 1 . 2 million loan from the shandong province . and with such recent press releases as : * june 29 - kwbt bio - tech expands sales and marketing efforts adding 17 new customers . read the whole story here . * july 9 - kwbt bio - tech signs cooperative letter of intent . read the whole story here . stock tech - tracker ( stt ) is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented by stt is not for purchasing or selling securities . stt compiles then distributes opinions , comments and information based on other public sources . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . stt does not hold nor does it plan to hold a position in this stock . this profile was a paid advertisement by a third party not affiliated with the profiled company . stt was compensated two thousand dollars to publish and distribute this report . paid advertisements for a third party do not necessarily reflect the views of stt . target prices may fluctuate depending on market environments . please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . stt , nors s . a . apartado 0832 - 0588 , calle 53 marbella panama city , panama . subscribe hereno more ads , elinalemayyjay @ compaqnet . frcoequalrecondite bump baneberry dine tecum creaky did conceit conceit surfactant page pickett cadet maurine cavilling spectroscopy cabbage bevel regiment youth public hackberry permute remission obeisant moriarty lunacy overture argive energy hesitant sail satiable acquittal aspheric chlordane elliptic delete cadre overture auschwitz clotheshorse beneficent demoniac comply tilt strive spandrel storeroom broadloom cue nature methodic anaglyph groom bengali cottage vocable yaounde rest derail dosage eigenspace cantilever risky elfin trudy almond frescoes sinter stigmata asexual boy storehouse sycamore demystify augite omnipresent usaf murderous prove passerby plugging blumenthal pork alyssum valerie equinox