Subject: paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr : your qualification expired ?
houston bourgeoisie
you ' ve heard it all before !
no degree , no job ! you don ' t qualify ? what ' s your degree in ? where did you go to school ? with a degree we could offer you a higher salary ?
now you can finally have the degree you deserve based on your " life experience . click
here for a prestigious non accredited degrees " no one is turned down " .
read here for more info .
we also provide degree
verification and official trancripts in writing when
requested by employers and others authorized by you . this
official college university transcripts meet the
highest academic standards printed on premium
diploma paper , bearing the official gold raised seal of the
awarding university or college .
our credit for work
experience and accreditation process . fast track diploma program will
evaluate and quantify your past eduation and work
experience for any diploma or degree of your choice . thus , you do not have to repeat
or take basic courses in areas that you have already been
mastered . credit for work experience allows students
to upgrade their qualifications that relate to advancing
their professional career without going back to
school . fast
track program takes into account criteria , principles , and
guidelines formulated by the european council for home and online
education .
awards can also be granted for the
purpose of honoring those who exemplify the
ideals of higher education through their
significant achievements and contributions to
business and society in their respective geographic
area . for a doctorate or masters of
business administration , a previous
university education may
not be required for persons with extensive
experience in any field related to civil service ,
business administration , management ,
finance , healthcare , military , etc .
act today . no one is turned
down . your confidentiality
assured . the more degrees you have the better your chances and
prospects in life . that is the way life is . it is a competitive
world . don ' t delay to contact us today .
to
stop future solicitation visit
here
this system wasn ' t flawless either . the government of the people couldn ' t do good to the people itself . there might have been a change of system , but for us , the common men , it only brought " another government " . too much freedom didn ' t bring us too much prosperity . it became more and more difficult to make both ends meet . i lost my job and i would wander like a dog in search of work . mia got sick because of malnutrition . i would come home late in the night and would get out early in the morning . we were running our lives somehow . there wasn ' t much of a conversation between mia and i . perhaps there wasn ' t anything left to talk about .