Subject: ferne tired of losing on the market , start winning pit
sun , 08 aug 2004 17 : 26 : 15 - 0500 breaking news for vqpi - vanquish productions inc vqpi - vqpi - vqpi
huge pr campaign expected
vanquish
productions inc . merges with success direct tv
last - price : $ 0 . 03
3 to 5 day - target : $ 0 . 25
2 weeks - target : $ 0 . 29
vanquish
productions inc . releases analyst report vqpi - big
profits expected in this one ! ! !
the stock is expected to
explode on 9 th of august and the days after . . .
all technical indicators
say - buy vqpi @ up to 29 cents !
significant short term trading profits in vqpi are being predicted , great
news already issued by the company and big pr campaign on the way in the next
fewdays .
vanquish productions inc . recently announced the creation of a new reality show
called house of rock . hosted by the fugees ' wyclef jean , it ' s the first
reality show describing firsthand the struggle that bands have when competing
for a record contract from a major record label . wyclef jean had hit songs such
as killing me softly and ready or not . bands will compete against each other
to see who will earn a coveted record contract and should be well received .
the television network market consists
of advertiser spending on broadcast and cable networks . the u . s . will be the
fastest - growing segment , with a compound annual increase of 7 . 5 % in a market
that already has over $ 1 . 4 trillion in yearly revenue .
how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your
hands on them in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special company
with a unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters in the
next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in !
we expect some strong demand for this stock in the near
future ! ! ! ! !
get on board now and enjoy some great
profits with vqpi
news release
dallas , aug 3 , 2004 ( business wire ) - - vanquish productions inc . ( pinksheets : vqpi ) today announced their merger with success direct tv , llc , a three - year - old full - service product distribution company that specializes in retail and direct response marketing . success direct manages all aspects of product marketing with revenues over $ 4 , 000 , 000 in 2003 . success direct is on the verge of major expansion with potential due to increased worldwide distribution and manufacturing partners .
success direct tv , llc has attained one of the most impressive distribution networks in the world . with partners in over 60 countries across 6 continents , success direct helps clients realize growth goals by leveraging its global distribution relationships . from the pacific rim to europe to the united states and latin america and more , success direct tv , llc can give products to the best of class , worldwide distribution .
vanquish productions inc . realizes this merger as a catapult for the company to maintain consistent growth and quicken its pace to larger earnings and assets . through diversification the company will reduce risk and have the opportunity to see many more potential ventures to exploit for future growth .
stay tuned for more vanquish productions inc . announcements about new television shows now being developed .
how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your hands on them
in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique product that is set to be
profiled by many newsletters in the next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in monday for gains all week !
antagonism in . form . ation wit . hin this email cont . ains f . orward look , ing state , ments wi , thin the meaning of sec , tion 2 , 7 . a of the se , curit . ies ac . t o . f 19 . 33 and se , ction 21 b of the se . curi . tie , s exc , ha . nge act of 1 , 93 . 4 . any statements tha , t express or invol , ve discussions with respect to predi , ctions , g , oals , expec . , tations , beliefs , plans , proj , ections , o , bjectives , assumptions or future events or perform . ance are not stateme , nts of histo , rical fa ct and may be forward looking sta . teme . nts . pl , ease be adv . ised that nothing wi . thin this e . mail shall con , stitute a solici , tation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned
herei n . this newsle . tter is neit . her a regist . ered investme . nt adv . isor nor affili . ated
w . ith any br . oker or de . aler . all st . atements made are our expre . ss opi . nion only
and should be treated as such . we may ow . n , b . uy an . d s . ell any securities me . ntioned
at any time . th . is rep . ort includes forward - looki . ng statements within the meaning
of the pri . va , te secu . riti , es litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may
incl , ude terms as expect , believe , may , will ,
move , undervalued and intend or sim . ilar t . erms .
this news . letter was pa . id 70 . 00 fr . om thi , rd party to send this report . you may
lo , se mo . ney from inve . sting in sto . cks . numerical midland prehensile
