Subject: greetings
dear friend ,
you may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not
know me personally . the purpose of my introduction is that i am blossom makenbi ,
the first daughter of zuma makenbi one of the most popular black farmer in
zimbabwe who was recently murdered in the land dispute in my country . i
got your contact through network online hence decided to write you .
before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg to
deposit the sum of usd $ 9 . 5 million ( nine million , five hundred thousand united states dollars )
in one of the private security company , as he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe this money
was deposited in a box as gem stones to avoid much demurrage from security
company . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and
= emicals for the farms and establishment of new farms in swaziland .
this land problem came when zimbabwean president mr . robert mugabe
introduced a new land act reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers
and some few black farmers , and this resulted to the killing and mob
action by zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in
the society . in fact a lot of people were killed because of this land
reform act for which my father was one of the victims .
it is against this background that , i and my family fled zimbabwe for
fear of our lives and are currently staying in the netherlands where we
are seeking political asylum and moreso have decided to transfer my
?thers money to a more reliable foreign account . since the law of
netherlands prohibits a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to open any bank
account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the
territorial zone of netherlands , as the eldest daughter of my father , i am
saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account
where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my
government who are bent on taking everything we have got . the south
? rican government seems to be playing along with them .
i am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of money out of south
africa for fear of going through the same experience in future , both
countries have similar political history . as a business minded lady , i am
seeking for a partner who i have to entrust my future and that of my
family in his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is risk
free . if you accept to assist me and my family , all i want you to do for
me , is to make an arrangements with the security company to clear the
consignment ( funds ) from their afiliate office here in the netherlands as
i have already given directives for the consignment to be brought to
the netherlands from south africa . but before then all modalities will
have to be put in place like change of ownership to the consignment and
more importantly this money i intend to use for
investment .
i have two options for you . firstly you can choose to have certain
percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction
