Subject: our track record proves we offer research that builds your wealth
wall street breaking news
kidsational , inc .
otc symbol : kdsc . pk
current price : $ . 20
estimated 30 - day high : . 70
estimated 12 - month high ( w / movie release ) : $ 2 . 50
news flash : wall street breaking news discovers leading edge
entertainment company preparing for blockbuster new release !
kdsc positioned as the # 1 investment in children ' s
entertainment for years to come .
over the past decade , disney and warner brothers have perfected
a proven formula in the entertainment industry that consistently
delivers over $ 100 million per film release . box office results
have shown that animated features and movies geared toward a
younger audience are genuine profit makers with movie - goers
starved for quality g - rated family entertainment .
by enhancing this model for success , kidsational , inc . ( kdsc )
is building a solid platform in the most profitable segment of
all mainstream movies - typically 5 x more profitable than a big
production film . through skillful management and product depth ,
kdsc is rapidly becoming a diversified entertainment empire ,
poised to become one of the leaders in this industry .
kdsc ' s initial motion picture is entitled the guardians - masters
of the electro - world , based on adolescent super heroes along the
lines of mighty morphin power rangers and teenage mutant ninja
turtles , who have collectively produced revenues exceeding $ 500
million . one clear advantage for kdsc is that the guardians is
scheduled to feature tv and movie industry stars , giving the film
that extra boost of mass appeal . kdsc ' s theater release is based
upon the theme and characters in the nationally available
guardian ' s board game ( 100 % owned by kdsc ) which is used in over
400 elementary schools and has been featured on a major nationally
syndicated afternoon tv talk show .
judging by the numbers , major full length films of this type that
reach out not just to kids but entire families , have enjoyed huge
box office success . this is based on a release of over 1 , 000
screens , right in line with company expectations for their premier
in just the us alone . but the box office revenues are only a
fraction of the huge income that is typically realized from a film .
to maximize profits everything from action figures , clothing ,
and toys , to children ' s party favors and lunch boxes are scheduled
for national merchandising in order to extend the brand and
generate revenue .
if this were the whole story , it would be more than enough to
justify a strong buy recommendation for kdsc . however , this isn ' t
even the tip of the iceberg . the really big income will most likely
be in vcr / dvd sales after the movie has run in theaters . anyone who
has small children or grandchildren knows that the vcr / dvd is
today ' s electronic baby sitter . children watch films over and over
again memorizing all the songs and story lines . it is very realistic
by today ' s standards to see video and dvd sales hit the $ 100
million mark , especially with the availability at retail super - stores
and the internet . one of the most magnificent facts about children ' s
movies is that a new generation is born every 7 years to enjoy
re - releases as well as home video .
kdsc has cemented partnerships that will enhance their entertainment
products , increase distribution channels , and accelerate growth .
dynamic gains are realized in the early growth stages of a burgeoning
entertainment company that has nailed the blueprint for success .
savvy investors with an eye for value can benefit from the tremendous
profits that will launch the fortunes of this new film and
entertainment powerhouse .
please read this required disclosure : wall street breaking news ( wsbn )
is delivered online on a monthly basis . all information is derived
from publicly available sources . performance forecasts made on behalf
of wsbn are strictly projections based upon news aggregation . wsbn is
an independent research publication that provides investment - research
reports on independently selected companies . while our intent is to
identify companies that may provide substantial investment profits ,
wsbn is not liable for any investment decision by its readers . wsbn
has been retained for a fee of seven thousand dollars and will not
hold , purchase , or otherwise participate in the trading of any
featured company . any report published by wsbn does not represent a
solicitation to buy or sell the securities discussed within the report .
it is advised that any purchase or sale decisions be discussed with a
financial advisor or broker . past performance does not insure future
success of any featured company . wsbn cautions that substantial risks
are present when investing in low - priced securities .
