Subject: 
dear sir / madam ,
i beg you to carefully go through this email and should it not meet
your business or personal ethics , please accept my apologies in advance .
my name is david roberts , the chief executive of private clients
international of the barclays group with head office at 54 lombard
street , london ec 3 p 3 ah .
i am writing this letter to solicit for your support
and assistance to carry out a project concerning a late customer of the
bank by name dr . victor morgan , an oil magnet and philanthropist who died on
the 14 th of june 2002 in the london hospital after being involved in fatal
car crash which also claimed the life of his wife and two sons .
lying in his inactive account in one of our branches is the sum of
thirty million united states dollars . ever since he died the bank has placed a
stop on all transactions on this account pending when his next of kin would
come forward for necessary actions , identification and collection .
unfortunately from our investigations and confirmations from his attorney he has no
family members who are aware of the existence of the money and as such , we
have decided to do business with you .
if you stand in as the beneficiary of this funds the money will be
released to you , after the due processes have being followed .
obviously we do not want this money to go into the bank treasury
because the banking law and guideline stipulates that if such fund remains
unclaimed for 3 years , the money will be transferred into the bank treasury as
unclaimed debt . this would not take too much time to get done as his lawyer
already has the necessary letters of administration and court orders from the
british high court which are part of the documents required by the
barclays bank to process fund release approvals .
to do this work 75 % of the money will be for our end , 20 % will be for
you while 5 % will be for any xpenses incurred during the transaction .
please reach me at my private email address above , if willing to do business
with us .
thanks and regards ,
david roberts .
disclaimer :
this message contains confidential information and is intended only for
specified addressee . if you are not the named addressee you should not
disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . the sender therefore does
not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this
message , which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . please note
that we reserve the right to monitor and read any emails sent and received by
the barclays group under the telecommunications ( lawful business practice )
( interception of communications ) regulations 2000 .
