Subject: re : ditmys , put this smallcap on your watch sheet , siaedv
electrocardiograph philadelphia precess oval desolate conrad barnabas indian rough mack audrey blaine cork spiral amethyst biz frozen acquisitive almond fingernail adult votary rankin jewish reeve backbone gusto cowherd slip flange scenario amide hesitate praiseworthy jog excusable grippe advance , barlow spurt tyranny exhibit pickford befuddle byword curtail betty clio synonym quality court blanche torr assonant sedulous egalitarian atom soya nave bobbie glide guru scramble accidental ann hondo conquest .
u . s . a . oil report
company profile : sequoia interests ( sqnc . pk )
current price : $ 0 . 95 ( up from $ 0 . 49 on 09 / 08 / 04 )
market capitalization : $ 6 . 5 million
est . shares out : 18 . 7 million
approx . float : 1 . 5 million
industry p / e : 36 x
major breaking news !
canadian oil sands extraction solution ! sequoia ' s diamondflo
displaces oil from tar sands in lab tests .
tuesday september 14 , 10 : 55 am et
here is an excerpt from that announcement :
houston - - ( business wire ) - - sept . 14 , 2004 - - sequoia interests
corporation ( pink sheets : sqnc - news ) , developer of a new
proprietary enhanced oil recovery chemical formulation , is very
pleased to report the company ' s diamondflo ( tm ) has yielded stellar
results in displacing oil from canadian tar sand samples in
laboratory tests . diamondflo ( tm ) displaced a significant quantity of
the adhered oil from tar sand samples in the initial feasibility
tests . work is now underway to define the precise degree of oil
removal and to optimize the oil removal process using
diamondflo ( tm ) .
the canadian tar sands fields are recognized as the mother lode of
hydrocarbons on earth . conservative estimates of oil reserves in the
surrounding area of fort mcmurray , alberta , canada total 1 . 6
trillion barrels of oil , of which 330 billion barrels of oil are
deemed recoverable . by comparison , saudi arabia has proven reserves
of 262 billion barrels of oil . a primary difficulty in developing
the tar sands region is extraction . the oil does not flow as crude
from other oil producing regions but is more akin to a molasses - like
sand . separation of oil from the sands is the major challenge to
development . ( press release source : sequoia interests corp . )
what if a company had a product that would allow oil wells to
produce much more oil ?
what would that stock be worth with today ' s oil prices close to 45
per barrel ?
10 , 20 , 30 , 100 dollars ? and now several of the major oil companies
are currently testing the product . at 0 . 95 we think sqnc is a
homerun .
about the company : sequoia interests ( sqnc . pk )
to solve this problem , the oil industry is looking for new
alternatives for increased exploration and production . the clear
solution for increased demand and consumption can already be found
in the ground , with nearly two thirds of oil left in the ground at
us wells , too technically complex or expensive to extract with
traditional technologies . enhanced oil recovery ( eor ) is an exciting
new frontier in the oil and gas industry which you are guar - anteed
to hear more of in the coming years . typically , eor involved gasses
and heat to stimulate oil flow and recover fluids in ground after
primary and secondary production has ended , but these eor
technologies have proven to be cumbersome and costly .
sqnc has already recei - ved strong interest from major oil and gas
companies for testing and potential licensing of this product , and
is in the final stages of the research and development of
diamondflo . with testing expected to be completed in the next 60 - 90
days , and planned patent application shortly thereafter , we expect
major announcements from sqnc will cause major price gains for this
stock over the coming months ! what is more , diamondflos unique
chemical properties , make it an ideal solution for a number of other
application in the oil & gas industry , including remediation and
environmental cleanup of oil fields , refineries , and storage
facilities - an estimated $ 8 . 1 billion market opportunity ! with this
revolutionary product in the development pipeline , sqnc has also
made some aggressive moves into oil and gas production with its
recent acquisition of leases in pecos valley , texas . these
operations will act as a test - bed for development and validation of
the diamondflo product and provide an additional revenue stream and
source of cash flow for sqnc .
sqnc is one of the hottest investment opportunities we have seen in
the past year , and with commercialization of its diamondflo product
looming near , we feel that it is only a matter of time before wall
street recognizes this undervalued stock . what is more , sqnc is
positioned within an industry that has seen tremendous upside
growth , and is headed for even more appreciation as the global oil
crisis demands new production solutions . over the last twelve
months , the oil well services & equipment industry has seen an
average price gain of more than 88 % , and savvy investors in emerging
companies have witnessed tremendous profits . we believe that sqnc is
one of the most revolutionary new companies on the market , and
presents a money - making opportunity that cannot be missed . with
major announcements stemming from the completion of r and d on
diamondflo , sqnc should make a nice move in the coming days .
a few reasons to own sqnc :
1 . with its innovative diamondflo product , sqnc is positioned to
help alleviate the impending oil and gas crisis , with producers
struggling to keep up with growing us energy demands , as foreign
exploration and production comes under increasing geopolitical
pressures . increased consumption demands have combined with an
increasingly unstable international production climate to create
some of the highest prices seen at the pump since the 1970 s oil
embargo , and crude oil prices on the spot market have recently
approached the $ 50 mark . as oil companies seek new ways to maximize
domestic oil recovery , the chemical eor approach of sqnc will be a
major factor in increasing production and removing dependence on
foreign oil .
2 . enhanced oil recovery ( eor ) represents the logical next step in
expanding domestic oil production , and represents a tremendous and
presently underappreciated market potential . over two thirds of oil
in us reservoirs is left unproduced after primary and secondary
production , leaving an incredible and untapped source for us energy
needs . according to the us department of energy , eor has the
potential to recover 35 billion barrels of oil , 50 % more than the
current us proven reserves of 23 billion barrels , and even greater
than the us estimated undiscovered potential of 30 billion barrels .
with its diamondflo chemical eor solution , sqnc is ideally
positioned to benefit from a renewed focus on production from these
untapped oil reserves .
3 . sqnc has developed a revolutionary chemical eor product ,
diamondflo which offers tremendous advantages over thermal and gas
eor methods . thermal and gas ( primarily co 2 injection to stimulate
production are costly and require a complex infrastructure , while
other chemical eor products have had limited success and are
environmentally damaging . by contrast , diamondflo is expected to
generate recovery of 20 - 40 % above current methods , is
environmentally safe and meets strict regulatory standards for oil
recovery and remediation , and will be available to producers at a
comparable price point to competitive products . with introduction of
diamondflo to the market following completion of testing and
development , sqnc is poised to revolutionize the oil and vp of r and d ron knocke has been a
senior technical and management personnel in the petroleum industry
with positions at core laboratories and ngpl , in addition to project
development and evaluation which have resulted in the discovery of
more than $ 125 million in recoverable reserves .
this publication is an independent news - letter with the goal of
giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and
profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide
an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an offer
to b . uy or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative
and carries risk . it is reccomended that any investment should be
made after consulting with your investment advisor and after
reviewing the financial statements of the company . the information
in this online report is believed to be reliable , but its accuracy
cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future
results . this is not purported to be a complete and thorough
analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of
the company ' s regulatory filings at sec . gov . the information herein
contains future looking statements and information within the
meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e
of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements
regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements .
future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
future looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements
indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher
discloses the receipt of twenty seven thousand five hundred dollars
from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate
shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication .
all factual information in this report was gathered from public
sources , including but not limited to company web sites , s . e . c .
filings and company press releases . this information is believed to
be reliable but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material with in this on - line news - letter
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
create determinate drunkard weatherproof bluster healthy sporty mount deliquesce deregulatory stimulant handhold arsine cleave pathway airline syria , depute improvise cannot nikko blatz anthology parsimony snuggle surname burmese context aloe karp sidle waterway grimaldi cackle magazine copperfield acquitting mona .