Subject: business proposal .
mr makosana philip
philmakosana @ netscape . net
strictly confidential .
you may be surprised to receive this letter from me
since you don ' t know me personally . i am mr philip
makosana , the first son of late joseph makosana , who
was murdered in a land dispute in zimbabwe . i got your
contact through an internet trade directory here in
italy and i decided to contact you . i do not know your
person but i relied on faith to see me through .
black war veterans claiming to be farmers , invaded my
father ? s house on april 16 , 2000 at about 6 . 32 am in
macheke / virginia district and murdered my father
because of his insistence that white farmers be
allowed to retain their farm lands despite the
recently introduced land reforms act , in zimbabwe by
the head of state , sir robert mugabe . until his death
he was the vice president of the zimbabwean farmers
union ( zfu ) . it took us so long to contact you because
we had to wait for the appropriate time to do so . ( the
reason i will explain to you in details later on . )
before his untimely death , he had deposited the sum of
nineteen million , five hundred thousand dollars ( us $
19 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) this money was deposited in a box as
family valuables to avoid demurrage from the security
company . this fund was meant for the purchase of new
machinery and agro - allied chemicals for the new farms
acquired in swaziland .
this land problem came when our president , sir robert
mugabe introduced a new land act , modus operandi
reform which wholly affected the rich white farmers . a
lot of people were killed because of this land reforms
act of which my late father was one of the main
targets . my father was solely targeted because of his
support for the white farmers .
based on this , my family had to spread out ; i am now
in italy with my brother as refugees while my mother
and my younger sister are living in south africa as
refugees as well . we decided to contact you to assist
us in transferring this money to your account in your
country or any part of the world for investment as the
monetary / investment laws of south africa and italy
prohibits refugees from running bank accounts or be
involved in any transaction / investment . based on this ,
we contacted you hoping that you will assist us with
this transaction in the name of god .
as the only educated son , i am saddled with the
responsibility of seeking a genuine and an honest
person who will assist us in transferring this money
out of south africa without the knowledge of my
country ( zimbabwe ) government who are bent on taking
everything my late father had after confiscating all
his farmlands and investments in zimbabwe and
swaziland . we are absolutely left with nothing except
the money i talked about previously .
for your kind assistance , my mother and i , are offering
you 20 % of the funds after the successful transfer of
the funds to your account . 5 % will be set aside for
any expenses that might result in the process of this
transaction , while 75 % will be for my family which
will be used for investment in your country under your
direction as we do not know anything about
investments .
please contact me through the e - mail
address indicated above if this proposal is of
interest to you because , i need your entire support and
co - operation for the success of this transaction . if
not then , i humbly apologise for this infringement on
your privacy .
yours truly ,
philip makosana .
