Subject: from mr . morris zihillr
mr morris zihillr
accra ghana ,
west african region .
i am mr morris zihillr , chairman contract awarding and tender committee of african union ( au ) , sub - head accra ghana . forgive my contact because this letter comes to you as a surprise , as you don ' t know of it ' s coming before . my contact is for you to please assist in the transfer of fifty - eight million , four hundred thousand ( $ 58 , 400 , 000 . 00 ) to any safe account of your choice in your country , be it personal or company ' s account . this money was gotten from over invoices i and two of my colleagues , account and secretary of the above mentioned department prepared from the original contracts bills the committee awarded to contractors who supplied foods , hard and softwares , pharmaceutical and medical equipments to the peacekeeping mission troop in liberia , sierra - leone , somalia and cote ' d vore civil wars .
all lope holes leading to its removal were sealed off with legal documents attached to the original invoices . because of the political instability in some of the african countries and the law guiding our service to african union , which prevents we civil servants from operating foreign account , we were unable to carry out this transfer since a while . this unhealthy situation forced us to deposit the money with a security company in accra ghana as african gold , for a long time now , awaiting a foreign person / company we will present as the owner for collection of the money . now that political instability in africa has changed though our right to operate foreign account has not been given to us and we now are getting close to our retirements , we decided to seek your mutual partnership into this huge money transfer project .
but before we do this , we need to arrange for seeing ourselves face to face to discuss heartily then commence and conclude this transfer . it was our general wish to seek for your assistance to provide us with the facilities to transfer this money out of africa and we solely belief you will assist in transferring this money to your position successfully . to make this transaction a success , all the legal documents backing the transfer of this $ 58 , 400 , 000 - 00 out of africa to your place of choice is made ready and will be sent to you as quickly as we receive your acceptance to assist . it was this ethnic law preventing we civil servants from operating foreign account , made us to need your assistance as a foreigner to enable us get this money shifted to any account of your choice in your country .
bearing in mind that your assistance is highly needed , we have decided to give you 20 % of the total money at the end of this transaction as your share for assisting , 5 % is kept aside for expenses while 75 % will be for me and my colleagues . the project is expected to be successfully completed if you give us the total cooperation needed from your side . for security of this money , you and us , we expect your confidentiality and utmost secrecy in this transfer . the confidentiality this transfer will get from both sides through out the transferring process and successful conclusion of this transaction will make us retire peacefully and live to establish businesses that will brighten the entire lives of our families in future . there is no risk involved . contact me upon the receipt of this mail through my email for more details on the procedure .
best regards ,
mr morris zihillr .
