Subject: please i needed your help .
from racheal albert ,
contact email address : rachealalbert @ netscape . net
attn : the director / owner ,
urgent and strictly confidential
how are you ? i know you may be surprised to receive this letter , i am a
widow requesting for an assistance . firstly , i am mrs . racheal k . albert .
the wife of late mr . k . albert who was recently murdered in the
land dispute in zimbabwe . i got your contact through the south african
trade and business information services and i assure you that nobody knows
about this transaction except me , my two sons . before the death of my husband .
he took me to the netherlands to deposit the sum of us $ 15 . 6 million ( fifteen
million six hundred thousand united states dollars ) in a private security
company , when he foresees the looming danger in zimbabwe . this money was
deposited as family valuables to avoid much demurrage cost from the security
company . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals
for the farms and also for the establishment of a new farm in swaziland .
the land disputes started when zimbabwean president
mr . robert mugabe introduced a new land act reform which wholly
affected the rich white farmers and some few black farmers .
this resulted to many killings by zimbabwe war veterans and some lunatics
in the society . in fact , a lot of people were killed because of this land
reformed act for which my husband was one of the victims . it is on this
background that my family and i , who are currently staying in the netherlands
as refugees decided to transfer my husband ? s money to a foreign country
since the laws of netherlands prohibits refugees from opening a bank account
that can contain a huge sum or to be involved in any financial transaction
throughout the territorial zones of netherlands .
please , i need your assistance to transfer this fund to your trusted overseas
bank account . for your efforts and assistance , i have agreed to give you
25 % of the total sum , while 5 % is mapped out to re - imburse all the expenses
incurred in the course of this transaction and 70 % will be for my family
investment in your country . note that this transaction is 100 % clear and
risk - free , as i have made every necessary arrangements for a successful deal . the
only thing i solicit you is total assistance to transfer this money , complete
trust and
assurance that my own part of money will be safe when transferred to your
account . kindly , keep this business proposal highly confidential for security
reasons .
if you are interested in assisting me , send reply via the above email address
and include your private phone and fax numbers . i will respond to you immediately .
looking forward to your urgent reply , god bless .
sincerely yours ,
mrs . racheal k . albert ( for the family )
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
