Subject: status update for account 54 bt 815 iz
you ' ve built a miniature city out of little plastic stirrers .
up to 70 % savings on a m b i e n , l e v i t r a and . . . other meds -
come visit us today
to say adios go to :
my legs are really hairy . i have no difficulty in starting or holding my bowel movement . heut will wince when a woman tries to clean his wounds . you ' re very likely to survive any battle in any war . we must polish the polish furniture .
upon seeing the tear in the painting i shed a tear . rather than wasting bullets , megalomaniacs prefer to kill their enemies using complex machinery . people are always watching me . the only time you ' re standing still is during an earthquake . they were too close to the door to close it .
interviewee wore a walkman , explaining that she could listen to the interviewer and the music at the same time . unless you make the mistake of showing someone a picture of your sweetheart back home . it ' s easy to land a plane , providing there is someone in the control tower to talk you down . a police detective can only solve a case after he has been suspended from duty . i think that lincoln was greater than washington .
who is their total opposite . large , loft apartments in new york city are plentiful and affordable , even if the tenants are unemployed . so you know exactly when they ' re going to go off . people are always watching me . when you turn out the light to go to bed , everything in your bedroom will still be clearly visible but slightly blue .
" why am i here ? " applicant refused to sit down and insisted on being interviewed standing up . my legs are really hairy . there was a row among the oarsmen about how to row . " does your company have a policy regarding concealed weapons ? "
you haven ' t blinked since the last lunar eclipse . i like tall women . there was a row among the oarsmen about how to row . you ' ve built a miniature city out of little plastic stirrers . people are always watching me .