Subject: ( )
barrister ruben chizea ( esq )
pinetown , durban . south africa
email : rubenchl @ yahoo . com
attention : the president / ceo .
i am barrister ruben chizea ( esq . ) , a solicitor financial attorney / consultant in durban , south africa . i was the personal attorney to late mr . donald hanson who was an expatriate mining consultant / contractor with the south african mining corporation . mr . donald hanson here - in - after referred as my client was also an oil contractor and my most valued client .
mr . donald hanson made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for us $ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million us dollars only ) in december 1999 in a bank in south africa ( name withheld ) , with a standing statement / agreement with the bank that all correspondences in respect to the fixed deposit contract must be sent to him through my humble self . upon maturity , the routine notification was sent to me and i dispatched to his forwarding address as usual without any reply . after a month , i sent a reminder which i received from the bank without any reply again . finally , i discovered from my client ' s contract employers - that he died among many others in the kenya airways flight of 31 st january , 2000 that crashed into the atlantic ocean in abidjan , cote d ' ivoire .
shortly , before his death , he had instructed me to prepare his will but without a named beneficiary yet . he had already signed the will and was contemplating on making his pet dog the beneficiary before he made a trip to cote d ' ivore which led to his death . on further investigations , i found out that he does not have any other attorney apart from me and that he had no other will apart from the one i prepared for him . all attempts to trace his next of kin or any relation was fruitless . i also discovered that mr . donald hanson did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his fixed deposit contract with the bank in south africa .
i am contacting you based on the official letter i just received from his bankers reminding me that south african law states that at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years the money will revert to the ownership of the south african government if i do not confirm the next of kin to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . donald hanson so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not go into the hands of some corrupt government officials . note that this transaction is simple and risk free because i will provide expert legal services that will guarantee the successful execution of this deal . i wish to point out that after the claims , i would want 20 % of this money to be shared among charity organizations , while the remaining 80 % is shared equally between us . most importantly , i would also require your assistance towards investing my share in your country or anywhere as you may advice . if you are interested , please contact me via my email below . upon your response , i shall provide you with more details and how we shall proceed with the claims . i expect you to observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction would be profitable for both of us .
awaiting your urgent reply via my email : rubenchl @ yahoo . com
thanks regards
barrister ruben chizea ( esq . )
