Subject: business relationship
i am mr . bernard okeke
project director
department of petroleum resources ( dpr )
ikoyi lagos - nigeria
e - mail : bernard _ okeke @ netzoola . com
dear sir / madam
proposal for transfer of forty five million , us dollars ( us $ 45 m ) to
your account .
your contact address got to me via export promotions council , your
reliability and trustworthiness in business transaction was the main
conviction that compelled me to solicit for your support in this deal .
i am the project director of the department of petroleum resources
( dpr ) lagos , nigeria and secretary to the contract award committee of
my ministry , in collaboration with my colleagues , we have agreed to
transfer out of the country through central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) some
amount and we will later reinvest it abroad after the success of
this transaction .
the amount involved is forty five million , usdollar ( us $ 45 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) .
this is as a result of over inflated amount of a contract , the contract
has been already executed and the original contractor had collected his
full and final payment .
base on our status as senior government officials in top sensitive
position of trust , we cannot stand to claim this money ourselves , hence ,
i decided to contact you .
accordingly , i have consulted and held meetings with some key officials
of the corporation , federal ministry of finance and central bank of
nigeria and we decided to involve a gentle , honest trustworthy and
competent partner overseas who could provide two units of ktt
computeronic diskette smdb 3000 storage facility , capacitor 1190 .
this is special in built diskette with its own software for transfering
money worldwide , this is not an ordinary floppy diskette , but made for
automatic machine for money transfer .
all modalities for this transfer have been fully worked out , we have
already secured a preliminary order to effect this payment .
we now require from you your banking particulars where this money will
be lodged into and the beneficiaries name , it could be personal or
corporate , most confidential fax and telephone numbers , for smooth
transfer of this money into your bank account .
these information will enable us put application of claim for the
release of this money from concerned government agencies and it will
last for 14 - 21 working days .
for your assistance we have agreed to give 20 % to you , 70 % for us and
10 % for any miscellaneous expenses in getting the diskette .
the business is 100 % safe on your part , but you have to keep it very
confidential .
do not inform your bankers yet unless instructed by us . also ,
your area of specialization is not a hindrance to the successful
execution of this transaction . i have reposed my confidence in you and
hope
that you will not dissapoint me . please send reply to indicate your
willingness in assisting us so that i will direct you on what next to
do . please do include your direct telephone / fax numbers upon your
response .
thanks for your anticipated assistance
yours sincerely ,
best regards
mr . bernard okeke
please forward all correspondence to this
e - mail ; bernard _ okeke @ netzoola . com
