Subject: re : kyldmowog , sagestock watcher
german dennis ,
breaking news for uacp : ( uacp ) uauthorize corporation announces global voip development - this will be hot issue
breaking news for uacp - most active stock in next 2 - 3 days
market undervalued
current price : $ 0 . 25
3 - 5 days target : $ 1 . 10
3 month target : $ 1 . 40
significant short term trading profits in uauthorize corporation ( ticker : uacp ) are being predicted , great news already issued by the company and big pr campaign on the way in the next few days .
one thing is for sure so far we have not profiled better company with such big pr campaign going on . so take advantage of this ! ! ! we believe this is our best stockpick since may 2004 ! !
the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 .
uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings .
uauthorize ' s secondary mission is to facilitate the evolution of traditional brick - and - mortar businesses into successful e - commerce companies . to accomplish this , the company has and will continue to aggressively acquire concepts and developed clickand - mortar businesses . these properties are then incubated ( further capitalized and developed ) as a value - added method to strengthen marketability .
news just in :
uauthorize corporation announces global voip development
edmond , okla . , - - uauthorize corporation ( uacp ) , a global internet marketer of business and internet solutions , announced today that its internet technologies division is completing development of a global voice - over - ip service aimed at multinational callers using the power of the internet to place phone calls through its software .
the service , with an expected launch the end of this year , will employ multiple country web sites in multi - language translations . the software will allow prepaid users to place calls using stand alone software or browser integrated plug - ins , and compression technology to solve latency problems that have plagued other voip solutions . initial tests are scheduled to begin in the third quarter of this year and it is expected that a number of web sites supporting the product will be launched in the united states , australia , russia , japan , the united kingdom , and many more countries during 2005 .
to read the full press release please visit finance . yahoo . com
current price : $ 0 . 25
3 - 5 days target : $ 1 . 10
3 month target : $ 1 . 40
how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your hands on them in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters in the next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in !
forward - looking statements - d - isclaimer
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . "
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . this publication has not been paid for or approved by the company but is being send out from 3 rd party . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . pleaseread the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of uacp shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 10000 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks .
beer daytime feb bragging coattail birdbath diethylstilbestrol silk surcharge tribunal litigate invisible sunscreen grayish disjunct patrolling final coronet geld shark landmark cease order progression winters attentive footpath cryogenic thorstein farfetched oft shipwreck lice crosshatch ocarina thuggee scabbard .