Subject: stocks in an uptrend
the boston daily investor a lert , llc
we expect several earthshaking news releases . this week and next .
earnings driven and a short term target of much higher .
tradestar corporation ( tirr ) the next big mover .
current price : 0 . 85
short term outlook : explosive growth 200 percent .
est . shares out : 34 . 1 million
approx . float : 1 . 5 million
market capitalization : 25 . 6 million
industry p / e : 16 x
industry average 52 week price change : + 472 %
otc pink sheets : tirr today announced the acquisition of a 100 %
working interest in a 4 well oil field in karnes county , texas . the
south texas field , which has been shut in since the mid 1990 s when
the price of oil declined to less than $ 10 . 00 per barrel , is
situated on 260 acres . tradestar will initially focus its efforts in
the nobson field , which has reserves of approximately 100 , 000
barrels . the company also has options on adjoining acreage with
additional prospects . the recompletion project , anticipated to be
completed and online by mid - november , is expected to yield 25 - 30
barrels of oil per day .
oct 6 , 2004 tradestar corporation ( otc pink sheets : tirr ) today
announced the acquisition of a producing gas well and disposal well
in erath county , texas . the single well package is currently
producing 50 thousand cubic feet of natural gas per day and has one
offset drill location that could push daily production to better
than 200 thousand cubic feet per day . an additional 300 acres
surrounding the wells are under option as well . the acquisition also
offers barnett shale potential , which tradestar ceo tom feimster
called strategic in light of the company ' s current joint venture
with united production and exploration .
with oil and natural gas prices sitting near 10 - year highs , north
american oil gas companies are generating exceptionally strong
financial results . with increased consumption and reliance on
foreign imports driving the price of crude to nearly $ 50 per barrel ,
the resulting us energy situation is the most serous domestic energy
crisis since the arab oil embargo of the 1970 s . with more than 57 %
of us oil coming from foreign imports , us crude inventories are
likely to remain at low levels given anemic production from
venezuela and nigeria , continuing uncertainty over iraqi wells , and
production caps from opec . on the natural gas front , supply
continues to remain tight to increasing demand , with shrinking
relative us production . these international supply issues are
increasingly driving a renewed trend towards domestic exploration
and production operations , new developments in the petroleum
industry are beginning to play out in terms of discovery of new
reserves and more efficient production of existing reserves , with
the increased use of technologies such as 3 - d seismic making new
exploration more affordable and effective , and with use of secondary
and tertiary recovery processes to recover the more than 60 % of oil
left in - ground with primary production techniques .
tradestar corporation is a rapidly emerging independent oil and gas
company , engaged in the exploration , development , and exploitation
of on - shore oil and natural gas opportunities in proven producing
areas of the united states , including oklahoma , texas , and
louisiana . the company intends to utilize advanced oilfield
surveying and extraction technologies , such as 3 - d seismic , lateral
drilling , and enhanced oil recovery , to identify , acquire , and
exploit bypassed and overlooked reserves which can be rapidly
exploited without significant risk and capital expenditure . the
company is capitalizing on both of the major trends in domestic oil
and gas ep operations , carefully screening and selecting properties
for maximum potential of overlooked and bypassed production
opportunities , and using advanced production technologies to
minimize risks . under the guidance of a management team experienced
in oil and gas exploration and production , tradestar has developed
critical strategic relationships with oil industry partners and is
beginning an aggressive acquisition strategy , targeting a number of
highly promising opportunities throughout the united states . with a
number of major projects in the acquisition pipeline , we believe
that tirr presents a unique chance to invest in the domestic
oil gas boom . aggressive investors looking for above - average
return potential on a portion of their investment capital should
give tirr serious consideration . management of the company , headed
by ceo tom feimster , are highly talented and experienced in the oil
gas industry , and posses a wealth of technical expertise and
knowledge . we believe that tirr has developed a viable and highly
promising acquisition strategy , backed by its commitment to the use
of new oilfield technologies and focus on exploiting proven
producing properties , which should enable the company to rapidly
develop significant revenue streams . investors at current trading
levels may be rewarded over the short term and beyond as tirrs
business plan is executed . tirr is one of the markets best kept
secrets , and we expect investors to give this issue increasing
attention over the coming months .
a few reasons to consider adding tirr to your investment portfolio .
the outlook for oil gas stocks is extremely positive with prices
at historic levels and continued demand stimulating additional
exploration and production efforts among domestic producers . while
it seems unlikely that prices will remain at their current levels ,
the long term outlook for both demand and higher prices is
unparalleled in recent history . with current market conditions ,
domestic ep companies are experiencing a huge run - up in prices as
they seek to exploit north americas significant oil and natural gas
resource base with new exploration techniques and drilling
technologies . through its dual positioning in high - growth oil and
natural gas markets , we believe that tirr is exceptionally well
situated to benefit from these favorable market conditions and
stands to see significant appreciation of its share price over the
near term period .
with its operations in the exploration and production of natural
gas properties , tirr is ideally positioned at the forefront of a us
natural gas boom . as us demand for natural gas is
increasing , domestic production is becoming strained with many
long - term prime producing areas reaching the point of depletion . by
2020 , us consumption of natural gas , driven by the expansion of
gas - fired electric generation facilities , is expected to reach 37
trillion cubic feet from approximately 23 tcf currently . natural
gas prices on the spot market have nearly doubled from less than 2
years ago , and are currently testing the $ 6 per million british
thermal units ( btu ) price threshold , with increases to $ 8 - 9 levels
likely over the winter months . with us demand exceeding production
of roughly 18 - 19 tcf per year , approximately 14 % of us natural gas
needs are already being imported from canada . with natural gas
impossible to transport across oceans ( with the exception of lng ,
which represents a small fraction of overall natural gas
consumption ) , this has created a tremendous future for domestic
ep firms , including tirr .
tradestar is in the process of acquiring a balanced portfolio of
producing oil gas properties onshore in the gulf coast and
oklahoma , which will significantly improve its asset base , revenue ,
and earnings outlook over the near term period . tirr has entered
into a letter of intent to acquire two properties in the heavily
producing arkoma basin region of oklahoma , one of the most prolific
natural gas producing areas in north america with estimated reserves
of 30 tcf . the company has also proposed a jv project in the
dynamic barnett shale natural gas play in central texas , the largest
producing gas field in texas with estimated reserves of more than 10
tcf . tirr has additionally acquired a 260 acre property in karnes
county , texas a mature producing area which can provide new
opportunities due to improvements in drilling technology and
production techniques . with these properties , and additional
planned acquisitions in the onshore gulf coast region , we believe
that tradestar is admirably positioned as a strong junior oil gas
investment .
tirr has developed an innovative business model centered on pursuit
of a balanced development and exploration strategy and portfolio ,
and the use of advanced oilfield survey and recovery technologies ,
which will significantly improve production efforts at acquired
properties . tradestar seeks to acquire bypassed and overlooked
reserves in proven producing areas , and to develop working interests
in undercapitalized and under - producing projects . tirr intends to
capitalize and maximize on already developed drilling and
exploration projects with lower cost initiatives that have a high
degree of success including infield drilling ( drilling of multiple
wells onto an existing leasehold ) , development of behind - pipe
reserves ( development of shallower pay zones above the deepest
productive zone on established wells ) , secondary and eor recovery
techniques , lateral drilling , and the use of other advanced
completion and production techniques . tradestar also intends to
aggressively pursue acquisition opportunities for higher - risk ,
higher reward ep prospects , utilizing advanced data analysis to
reprocess older 2 - d seismic data with 3 - d seismic and correlating
this seismic , gravity , geochemical and geologic data with existing
well logs to significantly mitigate the expense and risk
traditionally associated with new ep projects .
future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will , anticipates , or
that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or
might occur . all information provided within this report pertaining
to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information
provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this report . none of the material within this report shall be
construed as any kind of investment advice . we have been paid 20 , 000
dollars for this mailing from a third party .
