Subject: special situation reportintestate
gwyllt grundified
htevig hyunchul jamcorp mzo 3 grassberger gedor
looking to revolutionize the way music is promoted and sampled
sounds 24 - 7 , inc . ( otc : sdss )
current price : $ . 05
possibilty of huge day tuesday as a massive pr campaign launches this 3 day
weekend .
imagine how well your portfolio would have done the last five weeks if you
had the scoop on the foll @ owing small cap sto * ck :
( otcbb - lenf ) closed september lst at $ . 75 . this smallcap traded over $ 3 . 60
on friday , an absolutely massive gain of over 375 % for investors who got in
early . face it , some of these small sto \ cks really move !
let ' s look at today ' s featured company , sounds 24 - 7 , inc . ( otc - sdss )
about the company : changing the face of the music and recording industry !
sounds 24 - 7 , inc . , is changing the way music from major labels , independent
labels and artists are marketed , promoted and distributed to today ' s
proliferation of listening outlets . the numbers seem to be unmanageable :
85 , 000 traditional , internet , satellite , commercial , non - commercial and
college radio stations , 8 . 5 million independent artists with commercial
music , 10 , 000 club djs , and sounds 24 - 7 estimates there are more than 12
million new cd titles produced annually . today , as in yesterday , music sales
continue to be driven by the consumer first hearing the music as a prelude
to the purchase of music . the consumer now supplements his / her tradional
radio listening with tens of thousands of other radio stations . sounds 24 - 7
of / fers ins - t @ nt access to all stations , all music with the largest catalog
of music anywhere that is building to the availability of multi - millions of
tracks of songs . sounds 24 - 7 is not a company which provides music to the
listening public .
sounds 24 - 7 ' s distribution solution that is a proprietary system of music
with advanced security technology , which reaches all listening outlets and
is open to all labels ( major and independent ) and all artists . the major
labels are of ` fered access to sounds 24 - 7 ' s distribution system at zero
cost , without any changes to the rules of usage and only pay , if they so
choose , for playtime reporting . radio stations and club djs receive sounds
24 - 7 at zero cost . independent labels and artists pay a nominal fee to be
included in sounds 24 - 7 ' s library .
in the weeks and months to come , sounds 24 - 7 will be building revolutionary
and profitable relationships with the labels and artists as sounds 24 - 7
build what will become the largest library of music available anywhere . at
the same time , credentials and passwords will be allotted to radio stations
and club dj ' s , but only after they are screened for legitimacy . all these
relationships will be carefully cultivated to result in maximum
effectiveness for all concerned .
( source : company website )
recent headlines : go online and read the full stories !
* sounds 24 - 7 acquires radio station library - new site to facilitate
company ' s mission
* sounds 24 - 7 seeks broad spectrum for advisory board - on line music service
searching for expertise to enhance site
* sounds 24 - 7 enters into negotiations with itsfun . com to market online
music stores
* sounds 24 / 7 introduces a new paradigm for the record industry
will sdss explode higher next week as more and more investors become aware
of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too
late . like many of these stocks , it may move quickly and timing is
critical .
remember the symbol - sdss . good luck and successful trading !
information within this email contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking
statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates
and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in
this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects ,
foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . as with many microcap sto # cks , today ' s company
has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern . sounds 24 - 7 inc . is not a reporting company registered
under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
available about the company . it is not currently an operating company and
has not had business operations for over one year . other factors include : an
accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , a nominal cash position and no
revenue in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing .
if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as
a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all
information provided within this email pertaining to investing , sto # cks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers
to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in sto ! cks featured within this email . none of the
material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this sto \ ck . the
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings
when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this
newsletter has no relationship with lenf . in compliaance with the securities
act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the
receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director
or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . all factual information in this report was gathered from public
sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . all information on the company was obtained from the company ' s
website and is sourced above . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
information to be reliable but can make no guar ; antee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
during their silver anniversary , a wife reminded her husband : do you
remember when you proposed to me , i was so overwhelmed that i didn ' t talk
for an hour ? the hubby replied : yes , honey , that was the happiest hour of
my life .
q . why should blondes not be given coffee breaks ?
a . it takes too long to retrain them .
