Subject: stock selling for . 9 per share
bringing movers and shakers
directly to your inbox
natural harmony foods , inc .
bullish gap upward break out imminent for * nhyf *
at emerging growth stocks we search out stocks with big
up - side potential that have gone unnoticed . we look for companies in
sectors and industries that show enormous growth potential . the
companies
must have a superior management team , state of the art product
development
and efficient delivery , and currently and / or near securing
significant
contracts capable of giving the company significant market
share .
nhyf is such a company .
did you miss out on :
acst - up 400 %
icmh - up
130 %
sbwl - up 300 %
sssu - up
650 % ! ! ! !
now what are you waiting
for ?
here ' s another pick - another potential
big
play
* nhyf
* nhyf * nhyf * nhyf * nhyf *
before we start with the
profile of nhyf we would like to
mention
something very important : there is a huge public relation campaign
starting for nhyf on wednesday ,
september
8 th running till the middle of october .
take advantage of the low
price that the stock is trading at currently .
current
price :
approx : 10 cents
current
float :
approx : 0 . 5 million
shares outstanding :
approx : 50 million
about nhyf :
natural
harmony foods , inc . ( pink sheets : nhyf ) is an innovative food company
dedicated to producing healthy , flavorful , convenient foods that fit
the
lifestyles of individuals looking to make better , health conscious
diet
choices without sacrificing taste . natural harmony foods owns the
popular
soylean ( r ) brand , which marries the taste and nutrition of natural ,
lean
beef , chicken and pork with the health benefits of soy . the company ' s
trial products were introduced in 2002 in southern florida publix
supermarkets , where they became the first meat products ever to gain
u . s .
government approval to include the soy heart health claim on their
labeling .
click here to review the
stock
data
key recent development for
nhyf :
natural
harmony foods , inc . ( pink sheets : nhyf ) , a producer and
marketer of unique , natural protein foods recently announced that it
has
developed , tested and approved two soylean ( r ) beef patty products
specifically for the foodservice industry . the company recently
completed
a test production run that consisted of several hundred 3 oz . and 5
oz .
beef patties totaling more than 500 lbs of finished product .
reasons to invest in nhyf :
according to spinscan retail sales reports , the fastest
growing
" natural " category for the 52 weeks ending february 21 , 2004 was
" natural
meat and poultry " - up 39 . 9 percent . the beef used in soylean ( r )
brand
products is all natural . the animals were administered no added
growth
hormones or antibiotics and were raised on an all vegetable
diet .
food service giant sodexho
usa
( nyse : sdx ) , which provides meal services for more than five million
people
each day , unveiled a healthy menu program in january at 1 , 300
corporate
locations nationwide
similarly , aramark
corporation
( nyse : rmk ) , which serves an estimated 15 million customers daily , has
introduced a customized menu mix adapted from hundreds of new ,
healthier
menu items that have been tested for nutritional value and accuracy
by
company chefs and registered dietitians .
" natural harmony
foods
is already in negotiations with major food service providers , and has
an
aggressive plan to place its products on their menus nationwide , "
said sam
dewar , natural harmony ' s ceo and food industry veteran . " the company
will
build the soylean ( r ) brand simultaneously via traditional consumer sales
channels , such as supermarkets and natural foods stores . we plan to
have
our full product line commercially available during the third quarter of
this
year . "
natural harmony foods is
headed up
by highly experienced and professional industry executives . the
company ' s
chief executive officer , mr . sam dewar is a seasoned food industry
executive with more than three decades of sales , marketing and
operations
management experience . prior to creating natural harmony foods
in
2001 , mr . dewar led a number of well - known product divisions , such as
the
pepperidge farm brand for campbell soup company and uncle ben ' s for
mars
inc . while at campbell , he headed the company - wide team that
first
incorporated vegetable protein into campbell products , and to date ,
mr .
dewar has successfully introduced more than one hundred new food
products . manuel
schapiro the company ' s executive vice president is
a
licensed cpa . mr . schapiro ' s international business and management
consulting experience spans over three decades and three
continents .
click here to review the
stock
data
disclaimer / disclosure : we are
not
stockbrokers and are not affiliated with any brokerage house or
market
maker . readers should not rely solely on the information
contained
in this publication , but should consult with their own
independent
tax , business and financial advisors with respect to any
investment
opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised
company ( s ) . all statements and expressions are our opinions and are
not
meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or
recommendation
to buy , sell , or hold securities . we recommend you use the
information
found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own
research and conduct your own due diligence ( dd ) on the
featured
companies in order to determine your own personal opinion of the
company before investing in these or any
other
companies . we assume all information to be truthful
andreliable ;
however , we cannot warrant or guarantee the accuracy of this
information . all statements contained herein are deemed to be
factualas of the date of this report and as such are subject to
change without notice . we are not an investment advisor , financial
planning service or a stock brokerage firm and inaccordance
with
such we are not offering investment advice or promoting any
 . we are not offering securities for sale
or
solicitation of any offer to buy orsell securities . an
offer
to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure
documents and
only in thestates and provinces for which they are approved .
the
owner / management of this newsletter has received compensation
ofthirty seven thousand and five hundred in cashby way of
payment from a non - affiliated third party for thedissemination
of
this stock profile or advertisement . any reference in the
newsletter
to past performance ( s ) of companies previously profiled in the
newsletter ( s ) are specially selected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of said companies and the companies referenced
may
not be representative of all past profiles as not all past profiles
have
performed as well .
your address : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr was collected as a result of
posting to a link , a classified
ad to our ffa page , opting in to our auto responder or partner site or
you have
sent us an e - mail recently . to optout at no cost to you , simply enter
your address
at this site : http : / / yrtru . net the malena management group limitada .
e - business
center , 9 th floor torre mercedes , paseo colon , san
jose , costa rica . - advertlsement
