Subject: winning notification
union lottery international ,
groenenborgerlaan 171 ,
b - 2020 antwerpen
belgium .
from : mr . mark dick
the promotions manager ,
international promotions / payment departement .
resource cerdit trust .
re / award notification ; final notice
we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 20 th of octember 2004 of your selection as one of the five winners of the promotional union lottery international belgium held recently as part of our new year bonanza . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 200 , 000 . 00 ( one million , two hundred thousand dollars only ) in cash credited to file ref no . gml / 2551256003 / 11 .
we the union lottery international belgium is by this program ,
launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever - growing number of participant in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time .
after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participant from an initial database of 300 , 000 e - mail all participants were selected through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and south america as part our international promotions program , which was conducted in view of launching ourselves into the sweepstakes industry worldwide and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize .
to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents .
you are to contact our agents by e - mail or fax within a week of receiving this notice . please find full contact details below :
mr . mark dick ,
foreign service manager ,
tel : 32 - 497 - 305 - 490
e - mail : unionlottery 500 @ netscape . net
also find all other relevant winning lottery information below :
ref no : gml / 2551256003 / 11
batch no : 14 / 0017 / ipd
serial no : gmla 2 - 003
ticket no : 12099
lucky no : 425448 / 7785
also send your name , address and country of residence when replying your claims agent . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than a week of receiving this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
note :
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent .
furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals .
congratulations once again from all our staff members and thank you for being part of our promotions program .
yours sincerely ,
mrs . joyce frik .
the promotions manager ,
union lottery international
