Subject: urgent business assistance
mr james kofi
project implementation
ministry of energy and
mineral resources
p . o . box 745 ,
accra . ghana
email : kofi 51 @ zwallet . com
dear sir ,
it is my pleasure to write this letter to you . first , i must ask your utmost confidentiality in this transaction by virtue of it being utterly confidential . i am mr . robert kokoh , a member of the ghana export promotion council ( gepc ) .
i am currently in europe on a one year traning course . i was also with the government delegation to your country during a bilateral trade conference .
i have decided to seek your assistance and co - operation in the execution of a business transaction described here under for the benefit of all parties and hope that you keep it confidential because of the nature of the transaction .
we basically seek your assistance to front in the transfer of us $ 30 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars only ) .
source : i was working as a director of project implementation within the ministry of energy and mineral resources and with co - operation of three other top officials , we have in our possession an overdue payment in us funds .
the said funds represents certain percentage of the contract value executed on behalf of my ministry by a foreign contracting firm , which we the officials over - invoiced by a total amount of
us $ 30 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) .
though the actual contract cost has been paid to the original contractor , leaving the excess balance unclaimed .
but by virtue of us being civil servants we cannot acquire this fund in our names , therefore i was delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for an overseas partner into whose account we would transfer the funds hence we are writing you this letter .
our government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debts owned so as to maintain continued good relations with both the foreign governments and non government financial agencies . we have decided to include our bills for approval with the co - operation of some officials at the department of finance and the central bank of ghana ( cbg ) .
we hereby seek your assistance to act as the beneficiary of the unclaimed funds since we are not allowed to operate a foreign account . you will provide us with a good front and partnership to process the remittance of the money to you as a form of contract payment .
this process will be an internal arrangement with the departments concerned and we will handle this here , your duty is to act as the contractor and have the contract sum paid to you .
i have the authority of my partners to invite you into this matter and with your acceptance
of our invitation , your share as compensation will be 20 % , and 70 % will be for us and 10 % will be for the settlement of taxation and other miscellaneous expenses incurred .
the business itself is 100 % safe , fail proof and risk - free , provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality and you follow our instructions carefully and religiously .
your area of business specialization does not matter as it cannot hinder the successful execution of this transaction . i hope i can put my confidence in you in this matter .
please contact me by return email to indicate your willingness and capability to assist us .
thank you for your anticipated co - operation and i await the receipt of our message to enable me bring you into the complete picture of the transaction .
yours faithfully ,
mr james kofi .
