Subject: paliourg , lorenzo 98 % of our s . t . oc . ks make mon . ey
brand new acquisition , reverse merger , ground floor !
start watching this company right now !
watch this stock trade ,
presents
ideal financial solutions , inc . ,
* * ifsl * *
members be aware the company we are profiling has a brand new acquisition , reverse merger , and a low float . this could be very very interesting . there will be a large public awareness campaign that will last for the next full week possibly more . we are alerting our members first . pay close attention monday . take notice we have place periods between words . this is a filter issue . we are trying to make sure our alerts get to you on time .
here ' s the acquisition news ,
jaguar gaming corporation acquires ideal financial solutions , inc .
st . george , utah , sept . 16 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - ideal financial solutions , inc . formerly known as , jaguar gaming corporation ( jaguar ) ) , announced today that they acquired ideal financial solutions , inc . , ( ideal ) , a nevada private corporation that specializes in cash flow and financial management .
ideal , a three - year old company located in st . george , utah with offices in salt lake city , utah , is a pioneer in the automation of individual cash flow and debt management . it is the first company to introduce the concept of " personal cashflow management " for individuals at any income level . it currently markets its products and services through several diverse marketing channels .
effective with jaguar gaming corporation ' s acquisition of ideal , jaguar gaming corporation ' s name was changed to ideal financial solutions , inc . , ( ifsl )
" we have been working on this acquisition for some time and we are glad that we were able to successfully complete it . " said steve l . sunyich , ideal ' s president and ceo ( this is a partial clip of the news . to read the entire release please go to any financial site like yahoo )
our management team has worked with successful public companies such as novell , mellon financial corporation , eroomsystem technologies and franklin covey .
their goal is simple : to help secure the fin . ancial futures of
americans , one family at a time .
reasons why you should be watching ideal financial solutions , inc . ,
* * brand new reverse merger ! * * aug . 12 , 2004
1 . ifsl has a suite of products to help consumers ; these include cashflow management , power payment , bill manager , de . bt manager , and more . ( a full suite of products ! )
2 . the typical american household carried an average credit card de . bt of over $ 9 , 000 . delinquencies on nonmortgage consumer de . bt are the highest in a decade .
( people need help ! )
3 . ifsl is the world leader in personal cashflow management . ( an industry trailblazer ! )
4 . ifsl is the first to integrate personal cashflow management into a comprehensive , automated program . ( industry innovators ! )
5 . ifsl is affordable for everyone . ( one less hurdle for already stressed consumers ! )
6 . ifsl has a diverse and experienced management team with backgrounds in : banking , time management , and software development . ( well rounded and expert management )
7 . ifsl has a management team that has helped with the success of mellon , novell , franklin covey , and more . ( diverse and big name companies ! )
8 . ifsl helps the consumer use the " tricks of the trade " usually reserved for the rich and powerful . ( empowering average consumers ! )
9 . ifsl is committed to helping americans secure their fin . ancial future .
10 . ifsl helps to manage both secured and unsecured de . bt .
11 . americans carry over $ 7 . 5 trillion in consumer de . bt as a nation ; ifsl can help reduce that number . ( trillions ! )
12 . fin . ancial problems cause stress on families ; ifsl can help bring piece of mind . ( making families stronger ! )
13 . ifsl gives free financial evaluation at no cost and no commitment to consumers .
14 . ifsl has web based account administration for customers that are comprehensive and easy to use . ( consumers get control ! )
15 . ifsl helps consumers free up money for the important things in life : education , health , and retirement .
17 . ifsl ' s experienced team not only helps with cashflow management and f . inancial education but also mort . gages , d . ebt negotiations and tax problems . ( a complete fin . ancial solution ! )
18 . ifsl has a web based client interface ; clients take control of their own accounts and future . ( very comforting thought for most people . )
19 . ifsl not only helps in the management of cash flow and d . ebt elimination , but also teaches their clients how to increase their wealth . ( short and long term help ! )
some things to consider :
america ' s debt crisis .
management and other comments :
ideal financial solutions has assembled a seasoned management team with extensive experience in partnering with and building successful companies focused on helping individuals achieve financial success . their management team is made up of individuals with a variety of backgrounds , from large banks and software development companies , to internet startups and time management consultants . our management team has worked with successful public companies such as novell , mellon financial corporation , eroomsystem technologies and franklin covey .
combining these individuals ' unique expertise into a powerful , cohesive unit , they utilize their experience and knowledge to bring to the average consumer the tools and ' tricks of the trade ' usually reserved for the rich and powerful . their goal is simple : to help secure the futures of americans , one family at a time .
we sign off by saying the usual , companies don ' t usually hire us if there is nothing to say so keep a keen eye on ifsl starting right now ! watch for news and feel free to contact the company for financial help .
disclaimer :
the writers , pr firm , mailers involved in the creation , and distribution of the information above are not a registered broker / dealer and may not sell , offer to sell or offer to buy any security . this profile is not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell securities . an offer to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents from the company offering or selling securities and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved . the material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and based on assumptions rather than fact . the company that is being discussed in this release has approved the statements made in this release . information in this release is derived from a variety of sources including that company ' s publicly disseminated information , third parties and the writers research and optimistic speculation . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . all involved in the creation and distribution of this profile / release disclaims any and all liability as to the completeness or accuracy of the information contained and any omissions of material fact in this release . the release may contain technical and factual inaccuracies or typographical errors . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . investment in the securities of the companies discussed in this release is highly speculative and carries a high degree of risk . this company as many on the bb and pink sheets may have issues like accumulated deficit since inception , negative net worth , has relied on loans from officers , directors to pay expenses , has defaulted on loans , has a nominal cash position , pending litigation against the company and or its officers and directors , has items in collection , and no revenue or nominal revenue in most recent quarters . you need to do your due dilligence . all persons involved in the creation and distribution of the information in this letter are not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in this security mentioned . any mention of past profiles and returns are not our stock picks . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid release . writers and mailers have been compensated for the dissemination of company information on behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release . parties involved in the creation and distribution of this profile have received six hundred thousand free trading shares by a third party ( third party ) , who is nonaffiliated , for services provided including dissemination of company information in this release . the third party ( alexander lindale llc ) and other individuals and other creators and mailers of this letter may hold a significant position and may sell all of their shares during the distribution of this profile . parties involved may immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by profile creators and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by pr individuals involved . our optin mailing services for a company may cause the company ' s stock price to increase , in which event involved parties would make a profit when it sells its stock in the company . in addition , our selling of a company ' s stock may have a negative effect on the market price of the stock . the past profiles are only the winners not all of them are our recommendations .
for any questions , comments or complaints about receiving this newsletter ; please write to : e - broadcast group 6 eftute ave . kingston 10 jamaica wi
send no thanks at