Subject: re : knjecmo , intrepid investors report for smallcap stocks
dane dempsey ,
emerging enterprise solutions , inc . ( otc : eesi )
monday ' s close : 0 . 03
eesi had its biggest volume day in quite some time monday and
traded over . 03 intraday after closing at . 0178 friday . will it
continue tuesday ? read on .
possibilty of absolutely huge week as massive pr campaign kicked
off this weekend and continues .
some select pure pennies have been absolutely blowing through
the roof lately ; presenting short term trading prospects for
savvy investors .
cbnk : went from . 025 last monday to over . 20 this monday . that ' s
right . up over 700 % in a week . mbah : went from . 026 october lst
to . 078 october 21 st , up 200 % .
those kind of returns will put lead in your pencil and make you
want to write home , huh ?
as many of you may agree , some , not all , of these stocks move in
price because they are promoted , making a very large number of
investors aware of the company and stock . the publicity is
underway on eesi ! we anticipate this profile will be seen by
thousands and thousands of potential investors for the very
first time .
reasons to consider eesi : a mini conglomerate ?
eesi at a glance
ico , llc ( arco building ) - amcsi acquisition of the 138 , 000
square foot former arco building in independence , ks complete .
it is now positioned to be moved into eesi . with current revenue
at 600 , 000 . 00 , we anticipate revenues to reach 1 , 200 , 000 . 00
within two years .
telemedia - robert o ' connell is callcenter manager for
telemedia . currently , this company enjoys three high profile
contracts valued at 3 , 000 , 000 . 00 annually . proven potential to
grow to more than 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 per year . average profit margin
of approximately 36 % . the company intends to build to 240
telephone service representatives within the next year .
elite ceuticals - reina sonda heads up elite ceuticals . she
developed 18 new products with at least three that are
infomercial ready . negotiations for informercials and media
buying are underway . ms . sonda has begun the evolution to build
and market those informercials . sales are expected to top
2 , 000 , 000 by end of 2005 . informercial sales are separate and
we expect upward trending as early as february 2005 toward
19 , 000 , 000 . 00 .
windango , inc . - rodney gay is ceo . acquisition complete .
currently , this company brings around 200 , 000 to the table and
will grow to bring 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 annually . located in phoenix ,
az , this company is starting out life as a web hosting and web
development company while the new search engine software is
being tested . several of the customer directed modules will make
this a unique offering both on and off the web .
( source : press release friday 10 . 22 . 04 )
be on watch for more breaking news that could be catalysts to
help the stock moving forward !
will eesi explode higher as more and more investors become aware
of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it
is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck
and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities
act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of
1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with
respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
future looking statements . future looking statements are based
on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the
statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to
differ materially from those presently anticipated . future
looking statements in this action may be identified through the
use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with
many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern . emerging enterprise solutions is not a reporting
company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence
there is limited information available about the company . other
factors include : a limited operating history , an accumulated
deficit , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers
and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position ,
judgements against the company and no revenue in its most recent
quarter . the publicly available float of the company ' s stock is
currently increasing and is dilutive to you . there is a large
contingent liabilty for taxes due from a predecessor company .
the company is going to need financing . if that financing does
not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all material facts
or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading . all information provided
within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this report . none of the material within this
report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered
investment expert . subscribers should not view information
herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially
selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the
results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not
indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence
effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when
available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher
of this newsletter has no relationship with mbah or cbnk . in
compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the
publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten
thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be
aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and
is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the
stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have
a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual
information in this report was gathered from public sources ,
including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its
accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
arccosine bonze expatiate welfare affirm physiotherapist ashland lana scoria shady accusative feasible footwork wingmen fifteenth ed .