Subject: breaking news dlgg expands there market to billions cnyvbhet ^ vvg ( qrzbxevgbf ( te kqnufnm
to be removed
please respond to this email subject remove .
daily traders
report
attn :
subscribers , analysts stockbrokers
dialog
group ( dlgg )
aligned with huge billion dollar names like schering - plough ,
johnson and johnson , nbc and even the united states postal
service , dlgg is well positioned to continue breaking down
bigger doors and continue expanding in their virtually
unlimited market .
dlgg is trading atl times
revenues .
similar companies in same sector trade 5 to 6 times revenues
at least .
making
8 million currently ! ! !
emerging growth and huge
growth comming ! ! !
current
price :
$ 0 . 08
exit
level :
$ 0 . 50
shares outstanding
38
million
about dlgg
dialog group provides a variety of industries
with business and consumer databases ; and integrated online , offline ,
and broadcast communications . our vast array of clients from small
business to major corporations includes industries such as healthcare ,
telecommunications , mail shop , and finance . data dialog is a leader
in data acquisition and distribution . it develops original systems
and tools to facilitate the collection and distribution of data
in order to generate business prospect leads , service customers ,
and streamline processes . its focus is on companies of all sizes
that need and utilize data sources through multiple channels .
through different products within
this division , data dialog conducts phone interviews and performs
data collection services and third - party data sales to support direct
marketing campaigns targeted to specific product categories and
market segments . in addition to a database of information on more
than 100 million households , data dialog compiles and packages this
data with any third - party sources for truly integrated solutions .
it has the advantage of being both a compiler and a distributor
of data , as well as an organization that knows how to use that data
to help its clients succeed .
dialog group has evolved and expanded
its proven method of telephone interview , which develops high - quality ,
self - reported , actionable consumer data into a new level of efficiency
through the use of proprietary processes and call - targeting technology .
our new level of efficiency enables us to dramatically ramp up the
number of interviews conducted on behalf of our subscribers .
description of
business
data dialog
is a leader in data acquisition and distribution . it develops
original systems and tools to facilitate the collection and
distribution of data in order to generate business prospect leads ,
service customers , and streamline processes . its focus is on
companies of all sizes that need and utilize data sources through
multiple channels . it has the advantage of being both a compiler and
a distributor of data , as well as an organization that knows how to
use that data to help its clients succeed .
healthcare
dialog
is a full - service provider of relationship marketing and
communication programs for the healthcare industry . it provides a
variety of promotional opportunities to identify , attract , and
maintain customer relationships and build brand equity . healthcare
dialog has the unique ability to provide integrated , start - to - finish
solutions , while still maintaining the flexibility to offer each of
these services individually .
healthcare
dialog helps clients establish and build more valuable ,
longer - lasting relationships with physicians , patients , and
consumers over a broad array of permission - based contact points ,
including direct mail , digital on - demand print , and internet web
sites . healthcare dialog . s integrated broadcast platform provides ,
maintains , and delivers integrated healthcare content to a national
network of local tv and radio station web sites . this content
attracts millions of health information seekers to the stations . web
sites .
services of dialog data
data dialog marketing
data dialog
digital
mail mogul
data dialog
management
breaking news
dialog group has
evolved and expanded its proven method of telephone interview , which
develops high - quality , self - reported , actionable consumer data into
a new level of efficiency through the use of proprietary processes
and call - targeting technology . our new level of efficiency enables
us to dramatically ramp up the number of interviews conducted on
behalf of our subscribers .
these new
solutions have been tested over the past six months and have
resulted in substantial cost reductions , making possible an expanded
number of interviews . these techniques will be applied to a broad
range of data from multiple input platforms , which feed out to our
multiple divisions . interviews gather highly sought - after data ,
including healthcare , premoves , mortgage , financial , communications ,
entertainment and travel . the results of these improvements are
reduced costs and increased profitability .
dlgg is
currently growing through increased marketing revenues , synergistic
mergers and acquisitions and aligning itself with and executing
larger contracts with bigger and more well known fortune 50
companies .
how many times have you seen issues explode but you couldn ' t get
your hands on them ? we are alerting you to a special company with
significant revenues that is set to explode - - this is your chance
to get in ! dlgg is a high - growth microcap issue and should be
purchased only by stock traders and investors that set aside a
portion of their portfolio for this type of investment . dlgg is an
exciting company with an exciting profitable future - - go get it
now !
the united states postal service specifically uses dlgg ! ! !
check it out here :
press releases
dialog group vastly expands syndicated call capability - improving costs and increasing profitability
wed , oct 20 - pr newswire
dialog group reports continued positive impact on financial situation as the result of ongoing company - wide restructuring
mon , oct 18 - pr newswire
dialog
group reports ongoing company - wide restructuring continues to
have positive impact on financial situation
fri ,
oct 15 - pr newswire
dialog
group introduces data dialog data management
thu ,
sep 23 - pr newswire
dialog
group signs exclusive marketing agreement with ldm group to
improve targeting for pharmaceutical companies direct - to - consumer
campaigns
mon ,
aug 30 - pr newswire
dialog
group reports improved 2 nd quarter results - nearing profitability
mon ,
aug 23 - pr newswire
* * * * * * *
important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * *
daily traders report ( dtr )
publishes reports providing information on selected companies . dtr
is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report
is provided as an information service only , and the statements and
opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation
to buy or sell any security . dtr accepts no liability for any loss
arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an
investment in dlgg is considered to be highly speculative and
should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss
of investment .
has received 100 , 000 free trading shares of common
stock and plans to sell the shares as its being marketed from a
non - affiliated third party ,
for the publication and circulation of this report . this report
contains forward - looking statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties
that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set
forth in the forward - looking statements . copyright 2003 by dtr .
all rights reserved .
 qsmcnpf
