Subject: award winning notification ! ! !
hillcrest lottery
egastraat 254 ,
amsterdam , the netherlands .
from : from the desk of the managing director
international promotion / prize award dept ,
attn ; winner ,
re : final award winning notification :
we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the golden strike sweepstake lottery / international promotion programes .
held on the 5 th november 2004 . you were entered as dependent
clients with :
reference number : nm / bc 921245 / kyl 3 ,
and batch number nm / 207161 / kop .
your email address attached to the ticket number : 46939 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweep take in the second category , in four parts .
you have been approved for a payment of 500 , 000 . 00 euros ( five hundred
thousand euro . ) in cash credited to security file reference
number : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl .
this is from a total cash prize of five million euro shared among the ten
international winners in second categories .
congratulations ! ! ! ! !
all participants were selected through a multi international computer ballot system drawn from 98 , 000 ( ninety eight thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion
programmes .
due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you .
this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or
unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or
impersonators .
to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting
our accredited agent :
dr van pete .
e - mail : vpremit @ netscape . net
note : all winnings must be notorized to complete the claim process ; winners will be referred to a foreign transfer manager , to have their winnings notorized . winners are to cover the legal charges of the
notorization not hillcrest lottery .
they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of
your winnings fund to you . remember , your winning must be claimed not
later than 25 - 11 - 04 ) . after this date , funds might be returned to the promoters as unclaimed . furthermore , should there be any
change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible .
mr . gabelo patrick ,
( lottery coordinator )
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail box . contact your claims agent :
dr . van pete , at e - mail : vpremit @ netscape . net
