Subject: stock investor insights and information
emerging enterprise solutions , inc . ( otc : eesi )
current price : . 018
some select pure pennies have been absolutely blowing through the roof lately - presenting a very short term trading opening for savvy investors - who time them right !
did your portfolio turn a 750 % prof it this month ? it did if you had the following stock :
psdi : went from . 02 november lst to . 17 november 15 th . that ' s right . up 750 % in two weeks .
think some overowned , overblown windbag like ibm is going to move like that anytime soon ?
as many of you may agree , some , not all , of these stocks move in price because they are promoted , making a very large number of investors aware of the company and stock . the publicity is underway on eesi !
reasons to consider eesi : a mini conglomerate ?
eesi at a glance
ico , llc ( arco building ) - amcsi acquisition of the 138 , 000 square foot former arco building in independence , ks complete . it is now positioned to be moved into eesi . with current revenue at 600 , 000 . 00 , we anticipate revenues to reach 1 , 200 , 000 . 00 within two years .
telemedia - robert o ' connell is callcenter manager for telemedia . currently , this company enjoys three high profile contracts valued at 3 , 000 , 000 . 00 annually . proven potential to grow to more than 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 per year . average profit margin of approximately 36 % . the company intends to build to 240 telephone service representatives within the next year .
elite ceuticals - reina sonda heads up elite ceuticals . she developed 18 new products with at least three that are infomercial ready . negotiations for informercials and media buying are underway . ms . sonda has begun the evolution to build and market those informercials . sales are expected to top 2 , 000 , 000 by end of 2005 . informercial sales are separate and we expect upward trending as early as february 2005 toward 19 , 000 , 000 . 00 .
windango , inc . - rodney gay is ceo . acquisition complete . currently , this company brings around 200 , 000 to the table and will grow to bring 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 annually . located in phoenix , az , this company is starting out life as a web hosting and web development company while the new search engine software is being tested . several of the customer directed modules will make this a unique offering both on and off the web .
( source : press release friday 10 . 22 . 04 )
recent pr headlines ; go read the full stories .
telemedia moves into the future .
elite ceuticals preparing for product release and first infomercial .
eesi progress on restructuring .
eesi subsidiary windango , inc . on the move .
eesi subsidiary offers three new products to promote eternal youth .
eesi finalizes negotiation for acquisition of american eagle realtors .
eesi first steps of the major restructuring .
be on watch for more breaking news that could be catalysts to help the stock moving forward ! !
will eesi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . emerging enterprise solutions is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include : a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , judgements against the company and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the publicly available float of the company ' s stock is currently increasing and is dilutive to you . there is a large contingent liabilty for taxes due from a predecessor company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with psdi . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
