Subject: the investor communiqui
breaking news after the close friday november 19 , 2004
skrco , inc . ( otc - skci )
manufactures and distributes the polar pitcher , keeping chilled beverages chilled .
current price - . 48
please watch this stock trade monday . .
a massive pr campaign is underway this weekend and monday could be an absolutely huge day in the stock with the combination of news and the pr campaign . this stock is relatively new and only recently began trading . is this a ground floor opportunity ? go see for yourself . . . .
the following news announcement came out after the close on friday and the market has not had a chance to react to it . how will the stock react monday to the news ? ( we anticipate this message will be seen by thousands and thousands of potential investors this weekend ) . please watch for more news that could impact the stock moving forward .
press release : source : skrco , inc .
skrco inc . completes initial order to ap tek solucoes
friday november 19 , 4 : 06 pm et
bradenton , fla . - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 19 , 2004 - - skrco , inc . ( pink sheets : skci ) announced today that it has shipped an initial order to ap tek solucoes tecnologicas of brazil . the order consisted of 2 , 000 polar pitchers . ap tek solucoes tecnologicas is a supplier and distributor to the hospitality industry in brazil , a country of over 180 , 000 , 000 people .
skrco , inc . currently supplying the polar pitcher to sysco food service inc . , the wasserstrom company and edward don and company , suppliers to all types of food service businesses .
skrco , inc . manufactures and distributes the polar pitcher , an easy to use sanitary method of keeping chilled beverages ice cold for extended periods of time . the pitcher , which is manufactured in the usa and is constructed of high - grade crystal plastic , features a patented ` inner core ' that keeps the beverage ice cold without any dilution . the patent is a utility patent that was granted to the company by the us patent office and covers the entire chilling system that is polar pitcher .
will skci explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful investing . . . watch for more news
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . skrco , inc is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include : a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception and a reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , changes in the regulatory and general economic environment ; conditions in the capital markets , including the interest rate environment and the availability of capital ; changes in the competitive marketplace that could affect the company ' s revenue and / or cost and expenses , such as increased competition , lack of qualified marketing , management or other personnel , and increased labor and inventory costs ; changes in technology or customer requirements , which could render the company ' s technologies noncompetitive or obsolete ; trends affecting the company ' s financial condition or results of operations ; the company ' s ability to continue to control costs and to meet its liquidity and other financing needs ; new product introductions , product sales mix and the geographic mix of sales . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of nineteen hundred thirty three , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of thirty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
