Subject: let ' s deal
pre style = font - face : arialhello friend ,
hope you are doing great and sound ? i am dr . ronald
matheson barrister at law and attorney to late sir mark
stephanopoulos , a greek merchant otherwise known as my
client who was based in the united kingdom and died of
complications from injuries sustained after a ghastly
motor accident .
as the attorney to sir mark stephanopoulos i was his
confidant as he shared with me virtually everything
about himself , his business and family . i was his
attorney for 15 years and during that period i wrote
his will and was also named as the executor , which has
since been fulfilled . i am also aware due to my
closeness to him that the amount ten million pounds he
deposited with a bank in europe was not willed out . he
told me about this on his sick bed and even instructed
that i should prepare a codicil to that effect ,
however before i could finish my work he had died .
after his death , funeral and subsequent execution of
his will i went into action to ascertain the
information passed unto me by my client . my
investigation conformed to the information ; at that
point i knew i had to do something to move the funds
out of the bank and knowing that i cannot do this
alone i have decided to contact you and seek your
assistance and acceptance to be the next of kin to the
estate .
aside my humble self and you , the relationship manager
( account officer ) of my client knows about this , for
he was very helpful during my discreet investigation ,
through him i was able to see the deposit paper work
of the money which confirmed that there is no next of
kin to the funds . it is necessary for us to move the
money out of the bank on time because if we do not do
this within the next two years the bank would regard
the money as sundry funds , which would give them the
right to claim the money .
i cannot move the money in my name because he is my
client , for it could arose suspicion , his account
officer cannot do the same , hence the importance of
your assistance . have my assurance that there is
nothing to fear about , as we also need your assurance
that you would work with me without fear or favour to
achieve our desired objective . the legal back up is no
problem for i would be responsible . since the codicil
was not ready before his death , letter of
administration without will would be secured from the
probate office , with this letter i would personally
apply on your behalf to the bank for the release of
the funds to you .
what i require from you to enable us achieve the above
are your ;
names
address
date of birth
telephone and fax numbers
upon receipt of a confirmation of acceptance from you
a sharing ratio would be worked out between the three
of us and communicated to you along with my telephone
number . in the light of above , your positive responses
would be appreciated through my email
( mathesono 44 @ netscape . com )
take care and have a nice day .
sincerely ,
ronald matheson
mathwood associates . / pre
hrfont color = blue size = - 1 emthis message was sent using gonowmail / em
strongemuwhy go later . . . / u / em when you canemu gonow ! / u / em / strong
get free email today with ustronga href = http : / / djmart . unfranchise . comfont color = blue size = - 1 gonowmail . com / font / a / strong / u / font
