Subject: confidential help .
greetings
i am gideon arap moi , the son of the former president of kenya mr daniel arap moi . i came to know you in the course of my search for a reliable and god fearing partner , and i decided to contact you , because i believe you are a reputable person and i feel you can help .
me and my mother over this confidential matter . i count on your intergrity and honesty to be able to handle this business .
my father , mr arap moi , was the former president of kenya . in east africa . during his reign as the president , he had so many monetary dealing with a lot of european companies in my country and out side my country . and he uses these companies as a means of transferring fund to foreign account in europe , america and asia countries . all these fund where gotten from the sale of gold and diamond .
amongst the companies he registered was goldenberg companies . which he used as front for fund deposite , he made a transfer of $ 76 , 000 , 000 . ( seventy six million america dollar ) to this company which nerver existed , the said company has since been declared bankruptcy and liquidated , and the said funds has been deposited with a security company in europe where it is keep for safekeeping .
for more information you can click on this website :
http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 2 / hi / africa / 3338023 . stm or
and as the only child of my mother who is the 6 th wife to my father . the president , he has given to us as our own shared which is this funds that is with the security company in europe . the money is kept in trunk boxes and was registered as precious substances , thus there is nobody that know that it is money that is in the box . all the documents with which the money was deposited is with us ( my mother and i ) i am looking for somebody that is capable and willing to travel to any part of europe to received the two trunk boxes of money on behalf of my mother and i from the security company . we need a trust worthy and experience person that will help us to invest this money in your country and take us as one family and will also buy a house for us over there where we can live safely . we are expecting to hear from you , please contact me on my confidential email address : thanks for your anticipated co - operation , please include your telephone / fax number on your repily .
best regards
gideon arap moi .
