Subject: re : aw : fw : dormant vault
dear friend ,
my name is david richard , i worked in a bank here in the
united kingdom . i am contacting you of a business transaction ,
of a huge sum of money from a deceased client of mine . though i
know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one
apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that everything
has been taken care off , and all will be well at the end
of the day . i decided to contact you due to the urgency
of this transaction .
fact :
i was the account officer of a foreigner named gerald
welsh who died in an air crash along with his wife on
the 31 st october 1999 in an egyptian airline 990 with
other passengers on board . you can confirm this from
the website below which was published by cnn . website .
since his death , none of his next - of - kin are alive to
make claims for this monies as his heir , because they
all died in the same accident himself and his wife
( may their soul rest in peace ) . we could not release the
funds from his account unless someone applied for claim as
the next - of - kin to the deceased . at that period he had
$ 14 , 210 , 045 m ( fourteen million two hundred and ten thousand dollars )
in his account . after four to five years the money was
called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bills and the money
shared amongst the directors of the bank , which has already been
done by the directors early this year .
proposition ;
due to the relationship between i and the deceased ( gerald welsh ) he
told me of a diamond business which he had to do and left me
incare of thecertificate of depositwhich he used to lodge
the funds in a security company in europe which is to the tune of
$ 8 . 4 m ( eight million four hundred thousand dollars ) .
note : that i decided to seek for whom his / her name shall be
used as the \ next of kin / beneficiary to claim the funds at the
security company rather than allow the funds to lay unclaimed .
it may interest you to know that i have secured from
the probate an order of mandamus to locate an
and no one was found . please
acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our
mutual business endeavor by furnishing me with the following
information if you are interested .
1 . full name in order for me to prepare the
document in your name .
2 . direct telephone and fax numbers for our
personal contact and mutual trust in each other .
i shall be compensating you with 20 % percent of the
whole funds on final conclusion of this project for
your assistance , while the balance shall be for me for
investment purposes . because i just retired . if this
proposal is acceptable by you , please endeavor
to contact me immediately . do not take undue advantage
of the trust i have bestowed in you . i await your urgent mail .
regards ,
david richard .
