Subject: southern california demographic analysis workshop announcement ( january charset = windows - 1252 " >
analyzing southern california
communities :
demographic analysis workshop whensan diego : january 11 th , 12 th or 13 th ( 9 : 00
am -
4 : 00 pm ) anaheim : february 2 nd , 3 rd or 4 th ( 9 : 00 am - 4 : 00
pm ) please note : this is a one day workshop . participants choose
only
one day to attend . wheresan diego : new
horizons training center 7480 miramar road , bldg b , suite 202 san diego ,
caanaheim : new horizons training center 1900 s . state college blvd .
ste
100 anaheim , ca fee : $ 249 - credit cards ,
checks and
purchase orders acceptedhow to
register ?
register online at www . urban - research . info
or call us at 877 . 241 . 6576 . the
southern california demographic analysis workshop will teach you to
extract ,
query , download , analyze , and map census demographic data for communities
in
southern california ( note : participants mayuse their own community
in
exercises - all techniques are directly transferable to other communities ) .
such
data can provide grant writers , social researchers and community planners
with
powerful tools for analyzing community changes . this is a streamlined ,
" hands
on " workshop where each participant works on their own computer
throughout the
day . this workshop also provides an introduction to geographic
information systems ( gis ) which includes a discussion of gis trends and
common
uses , where to easily obtain mapping files , a demonstration of the map
browser
arcexplorer ( included with your materials ) , hands on practice making
basic
maps online and suggestions for making effective maps . see a detailed description
materials include : a comprehensive
workbook that includes the workshop presentation , exercises , reference
materials and a valuable demographic data resource cd . this cd includes
useful
gis tools such as arcexplorer and several shapefiles for all communities
in
the united states . materials also include a 60 day trial version of
arcview
9 . 0 , a leading gis software . also included is the 2003 us statistical
abstract
which includes an extensive selection of statistics for the united
states ,
with selected data for states , metropolitan areas and cities .
this
workshop will :
teach you to extract , query , download , analyze , map
and
present 2000 - 1990 census of population and housing and 2003
americancommunity survey data that includes poverty ,
race / ethnicity ,
age , housing , language and transportation ;
teach you to construct a local community change
profile .
the profile is comprised of key demographic variables and customized
for
southern california communities ( participants may use their own
community ) ;
teach you analytical , demographic and spatial analysis
techniques including commonly used mathematical formulas to transform
raw
data into compelling information ;
teach you about census geography including common
problems
such as working with non - census boundaries , analyzing change over time
despite boundary changes and how to use new mapping functionality
recently
built in to american factfinder ;
provide you with exceptional materials that you can
use
immediately to assist with social research and analysis .
former
participants ' comments : south
central
los angeles regional center ( los angeles 2003 ) " this information
will
be a valuable tool to add to my skills arsenal . i ' m excited about
applying
what i have learned to the grant writing process . " city of garden grove ( los angeles 2004 ) " actually ,
it
was absolutely excellent , and i ' m kind of hard to please in training .
thank
you very much ! " southern california association of non - profit
housing ( los angeles 2004 ) " it was very
helpful and a good way to refresh myself on using census data and
mapping " ucla ( los angeles
2004 ) " wonderful . i learned a lot that i can take back to my
organization and do community - based work . " city and county of
san
francisco dept public health ( san francisco 2003 ) " great class , so
much
useful information and resources ! " city of berkeley
( san francisco 2003 ) " great learning experience . i am
taking
this knowledge back to work ! " new urban research , inc . ( formerly
smartgirl technologies , inc . ) is a social research company located in
portland , oregon . for more information about the workshop , who we
are
and what we do , check out our website at www . urban - research . info .
please note , we never sell or buy email lists . if do not want to receive
further announcements , simply reply to this message with the word
" remove " in
the subject line or send us an email at info @ urban - research . info . we
will
immediately remove you from the announcement list .
