Subject: high performance stock ?
platt ,
emerson oi | gas , inc . ( 0 tc - eogi )
domestic oil and gas stock under accumuiation ?
voiume this month : over 3 miliion shares traded
current price : $ . 21
watch this stock monday ! some of these littie oi | and gas stocks have been realiy moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 20 o % or more are not unheard of .
imagine if you had the scoop on either of these oil and gas stocks recentiy :
otc : ucpi . went from $ 1 . 05 november lst to $ 2 . 6 o on december 10 th otc : xchc . this bad boy went from $ . 47 november lst to $ 1 . 8 o on december loth .
think ge is going to move like that anytime soon ?
reasons to consider eogi :
* emerson oil gas holds a 5 o % working interest in the w . t . davis wel | lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the | ease is 75 % . the w . t . davis well is | ocated in the arkana field and initiaily produced from the haynesviile formation of the cotton valley series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the public eye , emerson feels that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders we | | .
* emerson is identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson has signed a letter of intent to earn 5 o % working interest in the rinsland we | | lease in bossier parish louisiana .
* emerson ' s north - west louisiana drilling efforts fo | | ow closeiy to its philosophy of high - potential | ow risk re - entry projects in deveioped fields . by maintaining this conservative , but revenue driven philosophy mission statement , emerson enabies itself to build a strong revenue base for the company its shareholders , whiie taking the | owest possible risk in achieving this goa | .
( source : recent press reieases )
conclusion
the exampies above show the awesome , money m @ king potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens . . many of you are already familiar it . is eogi poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . .
and piease watch this one trade monday ! go eogi !
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact may be forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understs or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . skrco , inc is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors include : a | imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception and a reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , changes in the regulatory general economic environment ; conditions in the capital markets , inciuding the interest rate environment and the avaiiabiiity of capital ; changes in the competitive marketplace that could affect the company ' s revenue and / or cost and expenses , such as increased competition , lack of quaiified marketing , management or other personnel , and increased labor and inventory costs ; changes in technoiogy or customer requirements , which could render the company ' s technologies noncompetitive or obsoiete ; trends affecting the company ' s financia | condition or resuits of operations ; the company ' s abiiity to continue to contro | costs and to meet its | iquidity and other financing needs ; new product introductions , product saies mix the geographic mix of saies . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gis ter ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of nineteen hundred thirty three , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of thirty thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
