Subject: stronger projections than the competitions .
big news
in todays marketp o k g . o t c
pokerbook
gaming corporation ( p o k g . o t c )
current trading less than $ 0 . 10
value under $ 0 . 75
in
the news :
senticore
acquires controlling interest of pokerbook gaming corp ( p o k g . o t c ) .
monday december 6 , 9 : 30 pm et
( m a r k e
tw i r e ) - - dec 6 , 2004 - - senticore , inc . , a diversified
public holding company with an emphasis in real estate , timber , sports entertainment ,
and gaming , announced today that it has executed the definitive stock purchase
agreement and closed the transaction to acquire a controlling interest in pokerbook
gaming corporation ( p o k g . o t c ) of orlando , fla .
senticore
will immediately begin assisting pokerbook upgrade its proprietary multi - player
poker and gaming software . the finished product is planned for launch in early
2005 . senticore intends to add to its revenue base by licensing the software
to poker website operators worldwide as well as utilizing the software for the
world poker charity tour , which is set to kick off in 2005 .
summary :
p o k g s
acquisition finalized and it ' s stock is in demand . investors are excided about
the future of p o k g and are looking forward to 2005 .
pokerbook
gaming corporation is a gaming software company and fundraising organization
for the benefit of well - established , licensed non - profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) corporations .
pokerbook was the first to organize legal , internet texas hold ' em poker tournaments
for charitable fundraising efforts . pokerbook ' s world poker charity tour
is scheduled to launch during the first quarter of 2005 .
the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor
for forward - looking statements . certain of the statements contained herein ,
which are not historical facts , are forward - looking statements with respect
to events , the occurrence of which involve risks and uncertainties . these forward - looking
statements may be impacted , either positively or negatively , by various factors .
information concerning potential factors that could affect the company is detailed
from time to time in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange
commission .
