Subject: unbelievable deal for microsoft office xp professional edition shylock
microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . microsoft windows xp pro edition designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 280 | our price : $ 60 | you save : $ 220 adobe photoshop cs get superior results faster with industry - standard adobe photoshop cs software and its integrated web production application , adobe imageready cs software . graphic and web designers , photographers , and video professionals can take advantage of indispensable features that include improved file management , new design possibilities , a more intuitive way to create for the web , and support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels . now you can create the highest quality images more efficiently than ever before . retail : $ 660 | our price : $ 90 | you save : $ 570 microsoft office xp pro edition microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | our price : $ 70 | you save : $ 510 many more titles available see our entire product rangesincerely , esperanza hannachange mail pref . here