Subject: from kenny ahmed
dear friend ,
how are you today ? happy xmas celebration and a prosperious new year 2005 .
please permit me to introduce myself , i am mr . kenny ahmed .
as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i
believe everyone will die someday . i was a crude oil merchant in iran , i have
been diagnosed with esophageal
cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i
have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i
have not particularly lived my life so well , as i
never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i
am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and
only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but
now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than
just wanting to have or make all the money in the world .
i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i
would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god
has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets
to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close
friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have
decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of
the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to
some charity organizations in austra , cameroun , liberia , algeria and
malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this
myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my
accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization
in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves .
hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended
with what i have left for them .
the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of
fifteen million dollars
$ 15 , 000 , 000 , 00 that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i
will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to
charity organizations . i have set aside 10 % for you and for your time . if you
feel up to it and you are honest , please contact me asap .
god be with you .
kenny ahmed .
nb : a photo of me or what is left as attachment .
please for confidenciality , you can also contact me through my
email address
