Subject: your urgent attention is required . .
dear friend ,
sorry to bother you . this is a business proposal which i believe you might find
of interest , and also to solicit for your assistance .
my name is major jose santos , i was a high ranking officer of the
fredom fighters group of southern angola ( unita ) which was led by the late
general jonas savimbi who was shot and killed in february 2002 in
a shoot out with angolan national army .
at the time of the general ' s death , i was in europe , trying to purchase military hardware
for our army on his behalf , because peace talks with the government had broken down ,
and a major offensive by government troops was predicted . unfortunately before i could
conclude the purchase of this military hardware , the news of his death was announced .
i was suddenly left with the sum of us $ 26 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty six million united states dollars ) .
i immediately deposited the money with a safe deposits company ( securities firm ) in and declared it
as a consignment containing personal valuable items , belonging to my foreign affiliate , and sought
assylum as a political refugee .
my proposal is that , i want you as a trustworthy partner to stand as my beneficiary
and claim this fund on my behalf and have it transferred into your bank account , because of my political
refugee status , the law here do not allow me to hold such private bank account with such huge balance ,
without exposing the source of the funds , risking confiscation of the funds .
please note that this transaction demands the highest degree of trust and confidentiality between us , moreover
i can assure you that it is risk - free in the sense that , only three people knew about this money and the arms
purchase i . e , general savimbi , capt . john kowanyi and myself . unfortunately the two died
the same day in the government offensive .
i have also taken all proper care of all formalities regarding the safety and risk - free of this transaction .
in appreciation of your assistance , i have worked out the sharing ratio for your participation and assistance in this
transaction as follows :
70 % will be for me , which you will invest in your country on my behalf under your close supervision and direction ,
25 % for your participation and assistance .
5 % set aside to defray any for any upfront expenses we might incure in the course of this transaction .
now the civil war is over , a permanent peace treaty has been signed and the country is united . a general
amnesty has been offered to all the freedom fighters .
the money cannot be traced to me , and i believe now is the right time to try to locate a partner with a good
investment knowledge and start putting the money into a viable investment venture to secure a good future for my children .
as i urgently await to hear from you , be informed that all communication on this transaction shall be confidential .
please , if you ' ll like to help me , and to earn the 25 % , send your reply immediately to my ecrypted email : jose - santos @ post . com ,
indication your interest to assist me .
thanks , while i await your anticipated co - operation .
best regards ,
jose santos
