Subject: congratulations you have won ! ! !
asea - foundation international .
ref . number : [ lda 5540077 / 08 ]
we are happy to inform you that your email address has been selected as one of the lucky email
addresses in the category b of the online lotto conducted by asea - foundation international .
congratulations ! ! !
the cyber - lotto was conducted by a first of its kind automated computer balloting system , where by
email addresses ( 30 , 000 email addresses ) , were extracted from all continents of the world . a draw was held
in different categories and winners emerged from different parts of the world and they are entitled to
various cash prizes depending on their different categories . thus , you are
entitled to a prize money of 1 , 500 , 000 euros reference number for your prize is : [ lda 5540077 / 08 ]
ticket number : [ a 2 a / bvh / qti ]
as a category b winner , you have been selected by computer balloting system where only email
addresses are soughted , from a total number of 30 , 000 email addresses drawn from all over the globe .
after an automated computer ballot of our international romotions
program , only one winner emerged in this category and therefore you are to receive payout of
1 , 500 , 000 euros .
to immediately begin your claim , please contact your file / claim agent :
mr . paul adams .
foreign service manager
edgegate security finance bv .
19 gazhenspoortseweg
5051 leidenstraat , amsterdam
the netherland
tel : + 31 - 650 - 924 - 978 / fax : 31 - 205 - 248 - 320
email - pauladams 2004 @ netscape . net
provide prize reference numberand winning ticket number for
confirmation . in your best interest ( s ) , you must initiate contact within one week of receipt of this
correspondence .
you may be required to provide any of the above information during the process of collecting your
prize . we congratulate you once again and it is our hope that you participate in any of our
 in the nearest future . thank you .
sincerely ,
cynthia rhodes
promotions manager
you are to provide the below details , to enable the speedy evaluation and processing of your winnings .
we advice that you adhere strictly to their procedures to avoid any disqualifications and subsequent
cancellation
1 . your full names
2 . your full home / office address
3 . direct telephone / fax numbers the above detailed information will be absolutely necessary to file in
your claims .
