Subject: the shares trading gunsiinger
trent ,
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocaiscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc
breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week .
current price : $ o . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55
vocaiscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordabie phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with giobal reach , is receiving international attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication solutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , cail centers , itsps and service providers .
vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revoiving around giobal communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly | ower than current | ong distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and sel | , instal | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions .
vocaiscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet .
current price : $ 0 . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55
check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com
read the legal notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , beiieves , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 49 ooo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , wi | | , move , undervaiued and intend or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )
