Subject: investment news hot stock , looks big for tuesday
investor alert - lrcj - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : lrcj
breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on tuesday morning 18 th of january .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - current price : $ 0 . 10
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 300 k , and up range .
lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - current price : $ 0 . 10
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
current statuslauraan has completed its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annualized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to double its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions will add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue .
long - term strategythe company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 million by 2007 . lauraan will be recognized for its quality of service , value provided , and the simplicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( lrcj ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has completed an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole installer for new installations of residential alarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technology products too .
syslync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 200 , 000 to $ 1 , 000 , 000 plus , range .
" these two agreements will more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync , " and the agreements will provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technology solutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and homeowners , to design and install home technology solutions that fit the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act disclaimer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec .
read this legal notes before you do anything else : + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + = + =
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of lrcj shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms .
