Subject: little stocks sizzle sometimes
phillips ,
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocaiscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc
breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy next week .
current price : $ o . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55
vocalscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with global reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , ca | | centers , itsps and service providers .
vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revolving around globa | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | applications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantiy | ower than current long distance charges . we deveiop software to run voip networks , and seil , instal | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions .
vocalscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chalienging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet .
current price : $ 0 . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55
check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com
read the | ega | notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , beiieves , understands wiil , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 490 oo from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervaiued and intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )
