Subject: smal | cap stox can sizzie
morris ,
news after the ciose
tiger team technoiogies ( otc - ttmt )
leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / o 5 )
current price : $ . 125
many of you may agree : this is an exciting industry
reasons to consider ttmt tuesday : news after the ciose friday
press release source : tiger team technoiogies corporation
tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for medical bi | | ing and transcription services friday january 14 , 4 : 54 pm et
st . paul , minn . , jan . 14 / prnewswire / - - tiger team technoiogies corporation ( pink sheets : ttmt - news ) is pieased to announce that it has formed a wholiy owned group in india to provide medical bi | | ing and transcription services .
tiger team wiil offer these services over its secure servers and data centers in the united states via vpn ( coded security system ) . this strategy enabies tiger team to leverage its hipa compiiant servers , software , and data centers in the us with the most competitive cost structure in the industry , thereby giving the company a leg up on the competition . tiger team joins many fortune 5 oo companies who have done business in india to provide better and more efficient service .
about ttmt
tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading deveioper of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exciusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded electronic file transmission in accordance with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements . this translates to tota | patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the liability and medica | premiums placed on providers . based in st . paul , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individual medica | practices by leveraging this exclusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services .
watch this stock trade tuesday ! go check it out for yourseif at your favorite financia | site . do you think it can go higher from here ? good luck . .
information within this emai | contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to complete a planned bridge financing , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of twenty eight thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sell at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )
