Subject: this stock is going thru the ro 0 f
chung ,
breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 20 o 5
energy telecom , inc ( 0 tc : eytl )
offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteliigent , miniaturized , wireiess personal telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberlo , 2 oo 4 )
current price : $ . o 6
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? ple @ se re @ d the following announcement in its entirety and consider the possibiiities . . . watch this one trade tuesday !
press reiease source : energy telecom , inc .
energy telecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy friday january 14 , 4 : o 5 pm et
miami beach , fia . , jan . 14 , 2 oo 5 ( primezone ) - - energy telecom , inc . ( 0 ther otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it pians to begin marketing its patented eyewear technology .
` ` with the completion of our biuetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressiveiy approach the leading manufacturers of industria | protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy teiecom .
` ` we believe that our patented technoiogy wil | offer a major step in offering life - critica | information to future wearers of our wireiess personal telecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soidiers can now have real - time environmenta | information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation levels , sent directiy to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso believe that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape recognition , will also generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
about eytl
energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide | eading gioba | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technoiogy with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteliigent , miniaturized , wireiess personal teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personnel as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two small items in coilection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of eight thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )
