Subject: inte | | igent investor report
breaking news aiert
emerson oi | and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - e 0 g i )
domestic oil and gas stock trending up the last few weeks
current price : $ . 20
eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th .
will it continue higher ? watch this one thursday as we know many of you
like momentum . .
reasons to consider e o g i ( source : recent news announcements )
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211
and submission to nasd regulation , inc . otc compliance unit
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natura | gas acquisition
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additional step out
opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion
wel | .
about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2 oo 5 )
emerson oi | gas holds a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis wel |
and | ands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish ,
louisiana . the net revenue interest of the | ease is 75 % . the w . t . davis
wel | is located in the arkana field and initiaily produced from the
haynesviile formation of the cotton valley series . with the woridwide
focus on energy needs being front and center in the public eye , emerson
feels that with its first class management and discretionary project
choices , the company wil | continue to serve its sharehoiders wel | .
watch this stock trade thursday and good luck .
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations ,
beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by
statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . as with
many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that
raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson
oi | and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited pubiic information
availabie about the company . other factors include : the company had no revenue
in its most recent quarter and is not currentiy revenue producing . the
company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need
financing to complete some business transactions and begin revenue producing .
if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire
investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the
ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the abiiity to fund
operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and
other factors over which emerson oil and gas inc . has littie or no
control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not
omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misieading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as
any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies
are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing
in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as
lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based
on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect
timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no
assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne
ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort ,
including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be
compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of
1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt
of sixty two thousand five hundred doilars from a third party , not an
officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is
not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they
wi | | sell at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact
on the price of the stock . al | factual information in this report was
gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company
websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter
beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its
accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stocksolution 2005 @ yahoo . com - )
