Subject: kluwer alerts is now springer alerts
dear kluwer alert subscribers ,
as a result of our merger , kluwer academic publishers ( kap ) and springer - verlag , are now operating jointly under the springer brand .
you are receiving this e - mail because you were registered with the kluwer alerts service .
enjoy all of the added benefits of being a springer alert subscriber now there are even more subject areas and journal alerts available ; all tailored to keep you abreast of the latest developments in your discipline .
transfer of book alert preferences
as a convenience to you , your registration to kluwer alerts and your subject area preferences are automatically being transferred to springer alerts .
soon , you may receive a few e - mail notifications from springer alerts . for those who are :
current springer alerts subscribers
your e - mail preferences will be updated , and your current login and password information for springer alerts will still remain the same . however we suggest that you visit and review your profile page by logging in here : www . springeronline . com / alertprofile .
new to springer alerts
we will be providing you with a system generated user name and password ( in two separate e - mails ) . after you receive your password e - mail we suggest you visit and review your profile page by logging in here : www . springeronline . com / alertprofile .
if you have any questions regarding your updated or new springer alerts subscription , please feel free to contact the springeronline helpdesk at : golive @ springeronline . com .
transfer of journal alert preferences
springerlink alerts is our table of contents and keyword e - mail service customized to journal preferences . if you were subscribed to kluwer alert for table of contents alerting , springerlink will now continue to send you these e - mails .
as always , we suggest you visit and review your journal preferences here : www . springerlink . com / alerting .
if you have any questions regarding your new springerlink alerts subscription , please feel free to contact the springerlink helpdesk at : springerlink . marketing @ springer - sbm . com
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
we look forward to keeping you abreast of the latest developments in your discipline .
with best regards ,
your springer alerts and springerlink alerts team
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
to unsubscribe by post please write to :
springer
tiergartenstra?e 17
69121 heidelberg
germany
