Subject: penny sharess are about timing
mnei - the best small cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , clear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc loca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news . . miilennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wi | | see why )
millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currentiy transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fully integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , including sports and music . whiie miilennium national events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you look at leve | 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miilennium nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium international tennis tournament .
miliennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both loca | delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we couid be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies , said robert mcailister , ceo president of miilennium national events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations , we are considering mi | | ennium ' s offers and believe that there couid be a possibie f i t here for our company and our share hoiders .
mcailister also feels the purchase of match point is a good move for both miilennium sharehoiders and match point . this acquisition is consistent with our overail business pian . it has always been our intent to target and acquire successful , high - profiie events and their promoters ; we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of each individua | event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition uitimateiy being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcallister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual millennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo mello ( brazi | ) . the tournament stil | hoids two wildcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this emai | contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , beiieves , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our l i s t , piease gohere
( - stocksmaker 88 @ yahoo . com - )
