Subject: re : invitation for review a paper for the ieee trans . neural networks
giorgo
efxaristo pou apodektikes .
an thes , kane to review mazi me to dr perantoni kai dose ta
stoixoia tou sto review form - i an protimas mporo na ton
kaleso xehorista .
to review tha prepei na epistrafei konta mou mexri tis 17 martiou .
xeretismous
costas
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : george paliouras [ mailto : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr ]
sent : thursday , january 27 , 2005 11 : 45 am
to : costas pattichis
cc : me
subject : re : invitation for review a paper for the ieee trans . neural
networks
dear prof . pattichis ,
thank you for your kind invitation to review this paper .
could you please inform me about the time available for the review .
i should also clarify that my knowledge on dynamic programming is limited
and
may not be able to comment on the soundness of the method .
another colleague of mine who may be more appropriate is dr . perantonis
( sper @ iit . demokritos . gr )
best regards ,
giorgos paliouras
costas pattichis wrote :
dear giorgo :
i have received the following manuscript : reference
tnno 5 - p 406 , one - class - at - a - time removal sequence
planning method for multiclass classification problems ,
for possible publication in the ieee transactions on neural networks .
because of your expertise in this area , you have been invited to
be part of a peer review committee for this manuscript . please
reply to this email to let me know whether or not you are
available to review this paper . your help would be greatly
appreciated .
also , if you could identify and forward to me the names and
addresses of other individuals who are respected in their field
that may be able to serve as future reviewers , i would greatly
appreciate the reference .
thanks in advance for your assistance .
best regards ,
prof . constantinos pattichis
department of computer science
university of cyprus
ieee transactions on neural networks part 1 of 2
official technical paper review form for regular papers
( privileged information )
paper code : tnno 5 - p 406
paper title : one - class - at - a - time removal sequence planning
method for multiclass classification problems
author ( s ) : chieh - neng young , chen - wen yen , yi - hua bau , and mark l .
nagurka
return completed form by email to the ae ( manuscript if annotated )
please return before : march 17 , 2005 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
associate editor : dr . constantinos s . pattichis e - mail :
pattichi @ cs . ucy . ac . cy
address : department of computer science phone : + 357 22 - 892697
university of cyprus fax : + 357 22 - 892701
75 kallipoleos str .
p . o . box 537
cy - 1678 nicosia
cyprus
reviewer ' s name : reviewer no . :
e - mail : tel :
address : fax :
date :
1 . content : ( please detail your responses , as required , in part 2 )
a . what is the level of technical quality ?
poor average good excellent
b . what level of reader interest do you anticipate ?
low average high
c . are the disclosed results accurate ? no not clear yes
d . are the disclosed results significant ? no not clear yes
e . does the manuscript describe original work ?
no not clear yes
f . does the paper have a significant tutorial / survey value ?
no not clear yes
g . should technical material be deleted or added ?
mo not clear yes
h . are the references adequate ? no not clear yes
2 . presentation : ( please detail your responses in part 2 )
a . is the abstract adequate ? no somewhat yes
b . does the introduction clarify the background and motivation ?
no somewhat yes
c . does the manuscript clarify what has been done and why ?
no somewhat yes
d . is the order of presentation satisfactory ?
no somewhat yes
e . is the english satisfactory ? no somewhat yes
3 . recommendation :
_ _ _ accept in its present form
_ _ _ revise and accept ( changes may require re - examination by
the associate editor and perhaps by one or more reviewers )
please check _ _ _ if you wish to see the revision .
_ _ _ revise and resubmit ( the manuscript may contain publishable
results . requires major revision , resubmission and
re - review of revised manuscript )
_ _ _ reject and do not encourage re - submission
4 . confidential comments for associate editor and the editor
ieee transactions on neural networks part 2 of 2
official technical paper review form for regular papers
( privileged information )
( only this part below will be returned to author )
manuscript no . tnno 5 - p 406 reviewer no . :
title : one - class - at - a - time removal sequence planning
method for multiclass classification problems
5 . comments and suggestions for author ( s ) :
please provide deatiled comments and suggestions for the author ( s ) .
the objective is to guide possible revisions to improve the quality
of the manuscript or to explain reasons for rejection . please do not
identify yourself or your organization ; a copy of this page will be
sent to the author ( s ) .
