Subject: diamond in the rough equity report
mnei - the best smail cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile
and the news of this company and you wi | | see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
millenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channe |
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
local affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news . . miilennium national events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the mi | | ennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wiil see why )
miliennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns ,
partialiy or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while mi | | ennium nationa |
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wiil see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miliennium
national events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miliennium international tennis tournament .
miliennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both loca | delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . basicaliy we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - alone companies ,
said robert mcailister , ceo president of mi | | ennium nationa | events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering millennium ' s offers and believe that there couid be
a possibie f i t here for our company and our share holders .
mcaliister aiso feeis the purchase of match point is a good move for
both miliennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is
consistent with our overail business plan . it has always been our intent to
target and acquire successfu | , high - profiie events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of
each individua | event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition uitimateiy being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom line .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 50 o as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miliennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambill and james blake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time
millennium itc finalist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion
ricardo melio ( brazi | ) . the tournament still hoids two wildcards that can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this emai | contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , beiieves , understands wil | , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . p
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those
set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
$ 52600 from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our
express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , move , undervalued and
intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxo 005 @ yahoo . com - )
