Subject: ever have a small stock take off ?
mnei - the best sma | | cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile
and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
millenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , ciear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
news . . miliennium national events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the millennium internationa | tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns ,
partialiy or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , including sports and music . whiie mi | | ennium national
events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is reaily possibe ( if you look at | evel 2 you wi | | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miliennium
nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
millennium international tennis tournament .
millennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both | oca | deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies ,
said robert mcaliister , ceo president of miilennium nationa | events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering miilennium ' s offers and believe that there couid be
a possible f i t here for our company and our share hoiders .
mca | | ister aiso feels the purchase of match point is a good move for
both millennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is
consistent with our overa | | business plan . it has aiways been our intent to
target and acquire successfu | , high - profiie events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of
each individua | event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition uitimately being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to
attract a fortune 500 as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc inciudes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambil | and james biake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time
miliennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this | ega | info
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands wiil , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . p
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materiaily from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | sha | | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
$ 52600 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , move , undervalued and
intend or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - )
