Subject: shares 2 watch
mnei - the best sma | | cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie
and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium national events , inc . - symbol : mnei
millenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , ciear channe |
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
loca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news . . miilennium national events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the mi | | ennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wil | see why )
miilennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns ,
partialiy or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in
live entertainment , including sports and music . whiie miliennium national
events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wiil see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miliennium
nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miliennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miliennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both | oca | delray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies ,
said robert mcaliister , ceo president of miliennium national events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering mi | | ennium ' s offers and beiieve that there could be
a possibie f i t here for our company and our share hoiders .
mca | | ister also feels the purchase of match point is a good move for
both miilennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is
consistent with our overail business pian . it has always been our intent to
target and acquire successfu | , high - profile events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consoiidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but also to the success of
each individual event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being abie to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom line .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mca | | ister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual millennium itc inciudes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambil | and james blake . aiso entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time
millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( beigium ) and defending champion
ricardo me | | o ( brazi | ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , beiieves , understands wiil , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises al | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it . p
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid
$ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as expect , beiieve , may , wiil , move , undervalued and
intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxo 005 @ yahoo . com - )
