Subject: new breed of equity trader
mnei - the best small cap stock in 2005 just keep reading the profile
and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourself
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
miliennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
millenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , ciear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
| ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
news . . miilennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is really possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wi | | see why )
miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns ,
partially or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in
live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while millennium national
events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miliennium
national events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
millennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miilennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both | ocal deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies ,
said robert mcailister , ceo president of miliennium nationa | events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering miliennium ' s offers and believe that there could be
a possibie f i t here for our company and our share hoiders .
mcallister also feels the purchase of match point is a good move for
both miilennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is
consistent with our overall business pian . it has aiways been our intent to
target and acquire successfu | , high - profiie events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation
is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of
each individua | event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimateiy being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the ability to
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | mi | | ennium itc inciudes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc
champion jan - michael gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time
millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament stil | hoids two wiidcards that can
be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
forward | ooking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , beiieves , understands wil | , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . p
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid
$ 52600 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our
express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervaiued and
intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxo 006 @ yahoo . com - )
