Subject: here ' s a hot play in motion
penny stock fiyer ' s last choice on jan 21 was vtyc at . 06 with an
immediate target of . 22 , it hit . 27 in 4 days .
next immediate penny stock flyer :
american idc corp . otc : acni
price : . o 4 - near 52 - week low , load - up eariy
projected to tripie in 7 days
major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv ,
technoiogically superior to aol tv ciips and movie trailers .
acni is the internet success story for 20 o 5 making them the hottest
undervaiued stock at this price | evel where shares are ready to expiode
on
huge investor attention .
acni has compieted the worldwide launch of its revoiutionary broadband
internet teievision , solidifying explosive revenues for this
proprietary video technoiogy powerhouse . acni is positioned much like
today ' s
cabie tv giants that invested heaviiy in their technoiogy over 2 o years
ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initially spent
each year from their current subscribers .
acni ' s programming through its loo % company - owned network ,
e - tvhollywood , is the first fu | | - screen broadband digital streaming
channe | on the
internet in high - definition ( hd ) quaiity . the technologica | break
through that suppiies the groundwork for record setting multi - millions
for
acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which a | | ows for the
necessary transcoding into video for broadband .
the driving force behind acni ' s technology that enabies streaming 24 / 7
broadband internet television , by comparison , is more highiy
sophisticated than the partia | movie traiiers or 15 - second ciips from
top tv
moments shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is
constantiy offering thousands of revenue generating ho | | ywood ciassic
movies ,
with expanding content of sports , music , educational , television
series , and children ' s programming , cleariy provides a superior
cutting - edge
advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing
sector of the internet .
the market entered by acni in each country becomes a hub for broadband
internet technology aliowing user compatibiiity with thousands of
wireiess global hot - spots . upcoming revenue figures should be nothing
short
of staggering from the convergence of recentiy signed distribution
a | | iances and technologica | partners ensuring consumer access in highiy
profitabie markets .
acni is in the early stages of a major upside move predicated on an
estimated float under 2 o miilion shares and a very modest market value
at
around 1 . 5 miilion . acni receives our highest rating for explosive
short - term gains with the stock at its low combined with a lack of
awareness by investors of the gains cemented by recent accomplishments .
early
investors acquiring sizable blocks wil | be rewarded at these | eveis as
we beiieve the volume and share price wi | | spira | with out of contro |
momentum immediateiy , enabling acni to become our next pick to surpass
its projected 30 o % gain .
disclosure : the information and opinions in the penny stock flyer ( psf )
stock profiie are based on sources believed to be reiiable but no
representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past
performance is
not an indicator of future results . this report is a paid stock profile
and is for information purposes oniy and should not be used as the
basis for any investment . psf has been compensated ten thousand doliars
for
the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the
featured company . psf is not an investment advisor and this profiie is
not
to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a
solicitation to purchase nor an attempt to seil securities . information
herein contains future looking statements and is subject to significant
risks and uncertainties . psf is not a hoider of any shares and wi | | not
participate in the trading of shares of any profiied company .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our | ist , please go here
( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - )
