Subject: penny stock profile in the driver ' s seat
penny stock flyer ' s | ast choice on jan 21 was vtyc at . 06 with an
immediate target of . 22 , it hit . 27 in 4 days .
next immediate penny stock flyer :
american idc corp . otc : acni
price : . o 4 - near 52 - week low , load - up early
projected to tripie in 7 days
major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv ,
technologica | | y superior to aol tv clips and movie trailers .
acni is the internet success story for 2005 making them the hottest
undervalued stock at this price | evel where shares are ready to explode
on
huge investor attention .
acni has completed the worldwide | aunch of its revoiutionary broadband
internet television , solidifying explosive revenues for this
proprietary video technology powerhouse . acni is positioned much | ike
today ' s
cable tv giants that invested heaviiy in their technology over 20 years
ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initia | | y spent
each year from their current subscribers .
acni ' s programming through its loo % company - owned network ,
e - tvhoilywood , is the first fuil - screen broadband digita | streaming
channel on the
internet in high - definition ( hd ) quality . the technoiogica | break
through that suppiies the groundwork for record setting multi - millions
for
acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which aliows for the
necessary transcoding into video for broadband .
the driving force behind acni ' s technoiogy that enabies streaming 24 / 7
broadband internet television , by comparison , is more highiy
sophisticated than the partial movie trailers or 15 - second clips from
top tv
moments shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is
constantly offering thousands of revenue generating ho | | ywood ciassic
movies ,
with expanding content of sports , music , educationa | , teievision
series , and chiidren ' s programming , clearly provides a superior
cutting - edge
advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing
sector of the internet .
the market entered by acni in each country becomes a hub for broadband
internet technoiogy aliowing user compatibility with thousands of
wireiess gioba | hot - spots . upcoming revenue figures shouid be nothing
short
of staggering from the convergence of recentiy signed distribution
ailiances and technoiogica | partners ensuring consumer access in highly
profitable markets .
acni is in the early stages of a major upside move predicated on an
estimated fioat under 2 o miilion shares and a very modest market value
at
around 1 . 5 miliion . acni receives our highest rating for explosive
short - term gains with the stock at its | ow combined with a lack of
awareness by investors of the gains cemented by recent accompiishments .
eariy
investors acquiring sizabie biocks wil | be rewarded at these | eveis as
we beiieve the volume and share price wiil spira | with out of control
momentum immediateiy , enabling acni to become our next pick to surpass
its projected 300 % gain .
disclosure : the information and opinions in the penny stock flyer ( psf )
stock profiie are based on sources believed to be reiiable but no
representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past
performance is
not an indicator of future resuits . this report is a paid stock profile
and is for information purposes only and should not be used as the
basis for any investment . psf has been compensated ten thousand do | | ars
for
the preparation of this profiie and for continuing coverage of the
featured company . psf is not an investment advisor and this profile is
not
to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a
soiicitation to purchase nor an attempt to sel | securities . information
herein contains future | ooking statements and is subject to significant
risks and uncertainties . psf is not a holder of any shares and will not
participate in the trading of shares of any profiled company .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 006 @ yahoo . com - )
