Subject: catch the explosion from breaking news
attn : subscribers and investors
our choices were up over 300 % for 2004
here is our first choice for 2005
active stock breakout
american idc corp . otc : acni
price : . 04
target : . 15 in 5 days
major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv , technologically superior to aol tv clips and movie trailers . investors brace for worldwide revenue explosion .
acni is the internet success story for 2005 making them the hottest undervalued stock at this price level where shares are ready to explode on huge investor attention . acni has completed the worldwide launch of its revolutionary broadband internet television , solidifying explosive revenues for this proprietary video technology powerhouse . while most investors are completely unaware of this significant achievement , that will change very quickly . acni is positioned much like today ' s cable tv giants that invested heavily in their technology over 20 years ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initially spent each year from their current subscribers .
the driving force behind acni ' s technology that enables streaming 24 / 7 broadband internet television , by comparison , is more highly sophisticated than the partial movie trailers or 15 - second clips from top tv moments shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is continuously providing thousands of revenue generating hollywood classic movies , with expanding content of sports , music , educational , television series , and children ' s programming , clearly provides a superior cutting - edge advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing sector of the internet .
acni ' s programming through its 100 % company - owned network , e - tvhollywood , is the first full - screen broadband digital streaming channel on the internet in high - definition ( hd ) quality . the technological break through that supplies the groundwork for record setting multi - millions for acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which allows for the necessary transcoding into video for broadband .
acni is the perfect play for explosive short - term gains with a small float estimated at under 20 million shares and a market value at around 1 . 5 million . we expect massive block buying with record setting price and volume breakouts . we are advising accumulation by our subscribers as huge news is due to be released that will send share prices soaring .
required acni information : hosp is an independent newsletter with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an attempt to purchase or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is recommended that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . hosp presents information in this online report believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . hosp been given thirteen thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party with respect to the preparation of this special online report as an effort to build investor awareness for american idc corp . the information reported herein contains future - looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . future - looking statements are based on expectations , estimates , and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
