Subject: aggressive investors and traders shouid be watching
tiger team technoiogies ( otc - t t m t )
leading deveioper of a unique patented process for
transforming business operations of medica | service
providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / o 5 )
current price : - $ 0 . 08
reasons to consider t t m t : ( source : company website )
* tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state - of - the - art
communication hardware and software technologies . t 3
has
exciusive rights on this patented process , which
guarantees
secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in
accordance
with federa | mandated hippa compliance requirements .
this
translates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the | iability and medical premiums placed on
providers . based in st . paul , mn , the company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medical practices by leveraging this
exclusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services .
* capitalizing on increasing demand for hippa compiiant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions ,
inciuding a | |
licenses and certifications required for handiing
medica | files
and performing transcription services .
* empioying t 3  s exclusive and patented process
designed
to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 5 oo
per
transmission .
* estabiishing a certification program for medical
industry
similar to iso 9 ooo or six sigma programs applied to
industria | environments .
* offering medical community a bundie of services with
high
level of security and redundancy and 3 o % reduction in
costs .
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
process ,
technoiogy , service and quaiity contro | .
recent news :
* tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for
medical bi | | ing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
insur @ nce carrier ; retains an auditor
* tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a
reporting company
* tiger team technologies announces its intention to be
a fuliy reporting company
watch for more news that may impact the stock . .
watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck .
information within this email contains forward
| ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be forward looking statements . forward
| ooking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actual results or
events to differ materiaily from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands
or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , couid , or might occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
available about the company . other factors inciude a
| imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since
its inception , reliance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currentiy an operating company . the company is going
to need financing . if that financing does not occur ,
the company may not be abie to continue as a going
concern in which case you could | ose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but
are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to
compiete a pianned bridge financing , market
conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s
products and technologies , competitive factors ,
timing , and other risks associated with their
business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a | | material facts or does not omit a
materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading . a | | information provided within this
email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter
advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this email . none of the materia |
within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose
ail your money by investing in this stock . the
publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view
information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to
be referenced based on the favorabie performance of
these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can
be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including
a review of a company ' s filings when available , shouid
be completed prior to investing . in compliance with
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher
of this newsietter discloses the receipt of thirty one
thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer ,
director or affiiiate shareholder for the circuiation
of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of
interest resuiting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice .
this could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock . all factual information in this report was
gathered from pubiic sources , including but not
| imited to company websites and company press
releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves
this information to be reiiable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of
the materia | within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our list , piease go here
( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )
