Subject: per your online resume maintenance mechanics opportunities
management
trainee
alvin ,
tx
team
industrial services , inc . - the nation ' s largest service provider of
specialty maintenance , heat treating and inspection services to the
aerospace , energy and petrochemical markets - has 3 openings
for a management
trainee
at its
alvin corporate office .
as
a management trainee you ' ll receive on - the - job training in company
operations and sales , and develop these skills through multiple
assignments over the course of the training program . opportunities for
travel and relocation exist with each new assignment , offering you a
broad overview of the company ' s operations . upon completion of the
management training program you will receive a full time assignment
within the company . potential assignment opportunities include : account
manager , branch manager or special project assignments .
we
offer :
the
successful candidate must possess :
very
competitive compensation
medical / dental / vision / life
insurance
accidental
death and disability
supplemental
life insurance
short -
and long - term disability
paid
vacation days / holidays
401 ( k )
profit sharing plan
flexible
spending accounts
educational
assistance program
service
awards , based upon longevity
bachelor ' s degree
knowledgeable in budgets and
financial statements
must be willing to travel and
relocate within the u . s .
knowledge of microsoft office
suite
basic mechanical aptitude and
enthusiasm
salary range : $ 40 k to
$ 45 k per year
in
2004 team , inc . , was named to the fortune small business 100 . this is
the third year in a row team , inc . , has received this honor . the fortune
small business 100 is a list of america ' s fastest - growing small
companies . inclusion on this listing reflects team , inc . ' s sustained
growth in revenues , earnings and stock price . team , inc . , has made this
listing for the past three years ; only three other companies have made
this list for three consecutive years . in 2004 team , inc . , was also
included in the forbes magazine 200 best small companies listing , another prestigious honor for the company . forbes describes this listing
as : these little giants are among the toughest competitors in
today ' s corporate america .
for
immediate consideration , please e - mail your resume to :
eoe
this
service is provided by recourse communications inc . to discontinue ,
please go to www . ourcareerplace . com / nothankyou
and enter your e - mail address . alternatively , you may mail your request
to rci marketing , 550 heritage dr . , suite 200 , jupiter , fl 33458 .
