Subject: penny stock profile in the driver ' s seat
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
miliennium national events , inc . - symbol : mnei
miilenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox
broadcasting , nbc
| ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the news . . . read the entire news below
news . . millennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to
acquire
all of the outstanding shares of mi | | ennium national imports , inc . , a
texas company .
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is reaily
possibe ( if you look at | evel 2 you wil | see why )
miilennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fully integrated event promoter which
owns ,
partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events
and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , including sports and music . whiie mi | | ennium
national
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar includes events with img , clear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy
possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - mi | | ennium
nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has
entered
into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
millennium international tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering
into
acquisition negotiations .
both | ocal deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i
beiieve
we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies ,
said robert mcallister , ceo president of mi | | ennium nationa | events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering miilennium ' s offers and believe that there couid be
a possibie f i t here for our company and our share hoiders .
mcailister also feeis the purchase of match point is a good move for
both miliennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is
consistent with our overal | business plan . it has always been our
intent to
target and acquire successful , high - profiie events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of
each individual event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 50 o as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mca | | ister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual mi | | ennium itc inciudes top
americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambiil and james blake . also entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 ,
two - time
millennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament stil | holds two wiidcards that
can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this | ega | info
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands wiil , part of : anticipates ,
or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might
occur . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to
investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises ail readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
emai | .
none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind
of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . p
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks
and
uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was
paid
$ 5260 o from third party to send this report . all statements made are
our
express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude
terms
as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , move , undervaiued and
intend or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , piease go here
( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )
