Subject: hello
hello ,
first i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by
virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret .
though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one
apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well
atthe end ofthe day . we have decided to contact you due to the urgency
of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed of your
discreetnessand ability intransaction of this nature . let me start by
introducing myself properly to you . iam dr victor eze the manager
with the zenith bank plc , lagos .
i came to know you in my private search for a reliable and reputable
person to handle this confidential transaction , which involves the
transfer of huge sum of money to a foreig account requiring maximum
confidence . the proposition : a foreigner an australia , late engr . george
wilson ( snr . ) an oil merchant with the federal government of nigeria ,
until his death months ago in kenya air bus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight
kq 431 , banked with us at zenith bank plc , lagos and had a closing
balance as at the end of september , 2000 worth us $ 45 , 000 , 000 ( fourty
five million united stat dollars ) ,
the bank now expects a next of kin as beneficiary . valuable efforts
are being made by the zenith bank plc to get in touch with any of the
wilson family or relatives but to no success . it is because of the
perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr .
george wilson ( snr . ) ' s next kin ( he had no wife or children that is
know to us ) . the management under the influence of our chairman and
members of the board of directors , that arrange has been made for the
fund to be declared unclaimedand subsequently be donated to the
trust fund for armsand ammunition to further enhance the course of war
in africa
and the world in general . in order to avert this negative development
some of my trusted colleagues and inow seek your permission to have
you stand as next
of kin to late engr . george wilson ( snr . ) so that the fund us $ 45
million will be released and paid into your account as the
beneficiary ' s next of kin . all documents and proves to enable you get
his fund will be carefully worked out .
we have secure from the probate , an order of madamus to locate any of
the deceased beneficiaries , and more so we are assuring you that this
business is 100 % risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest
be for myself and my colleagues forinvestment purpose .
according to agreement within both parties . as soon as we receive an
acknowledgement of receiptof this message inacceptance of our mutual
busines proposal , we would furnish you with the necessry modalities
and disbursement ratio to suite both parties with out any conflict .
while replying furnish me with your private fax and phone numbers for
easy communication . if this
proposal is acceptable by you , do not make undue advantage of the
trust we have best owed in you .
best regards ,
dr victor eze
