Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portf 0 | io
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbol : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnology ; stem ce | | technoiogies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . 0 miilion
est . float : 2 . 5 million
projected valuation : 3 . 5 o per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cell research .
bmxg is a stem ceil - oriented biotechnoiogy rd firm , which is opening
two innovative aduitstem cel | cryogenic banks . cryobanks will provide
near - term revenue stream while bmxg develops new and innovative stem
cell technoiogies and products .
the stem cell revoiution :
with breakthroughs in the late 1990 ' s , stem cel | research has been one
of the most exciting developments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including
| eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem ce | | s are the
future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem cel | products wiil account for over lo billion in
annual
sales by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist
only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
ce | | s for bone marrow transpiant . increasingiy , individuais are
choosing
to store their own stem celis in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and speciaiized
transpiant clinics has already risen to meet this demand , and
successful
technoiogy couid meet the annual need for over 150 , 00 o operations .
viace | |
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
bi | | ion in the us , and 2 billion giobaily .
for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a small
rapidiy emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the
stem cell revolution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnology rd company , focused on the commerciaiization
of new
and groundbreaking stem cell technologies . the company has focused its
initia | efforts on the | aunch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem ce | |
bank which wiil store stem ce | | tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and aiiments . the company pians to launch its initial
cryogenic stem ceil facilities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionaily
expioring
opportunities for commercialization of new technologies in tissue
management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an adultstem ce | | cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic player in the explosive stem cell research market .
investment highiights :
bmxg is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ceil research . whiie stem
cel | therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem ce | | product revenues wi | | exceed
10 billion by 2 ol 3 . recently , california voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of legislation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem
cell
funding over the next decade .
with its initia | focus on the establishment of stem ceil cryogenic stem
cel | storage facilities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and
commercially successfu | market . there are more than 10 major cord
biood banks
in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , 00 o donors . viacell
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biliion in the us and over 2
bi | | ion worldwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cell benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as
the
foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - cell
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ce | | instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medica | devices specificaily designed to
facilitate the remova | and transpiant of stem cells . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its inteliectual
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingiy strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model
for
growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team ,
helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita |
financing
and public company management , whiie its research efforts under dr .
philip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic
research
into stem ceil .
investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 5 o per share
wall street has been quick to the react to the potentia | of stem cell
research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming a | | of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem ce | | research companies such as stemcelis , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its
enviabie position in stem ceil research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfoiio today .
good luck and successfu | trading .
this publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving
investors the necessary knowiedge to make rationa | and profitable
investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an analysis of
the
companys financia | position and is not an soiicitation to purchase or
se | | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries
risk .
it is advisabie that any investment shouid be made after consuiting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia |
statements
of the company . the information in this report is believed to be
reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
simiiar future resuits . this is not purported to be a compiete and
thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete
review
of the company ' s reguiatory filings at secgov the information herein
contains future | ooking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding
expected
continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future
looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual
resuits
or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates ,
beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of six
thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . al |
factual
information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding
but not limited to company web sites , sec filings and company press
releases . this information is believed to be reiiable but can make no
absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may inciude an accumulated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reiiance on | oans from officers , directors and a
majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to
raise
capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this ciosing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )
