Subject: penny stock profiie in the driver ' s seat
bio - matrix scientific group , inc .
symbo | : bmxg . pk
industry : biotechnology ; stem ce | | technologies .
current price : . 85
shares out . : 8 . 0 mi | | ion
est . fioat : 2 . 5 million
projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ce | | research .
bmxg is a stem ce | | - oriented biotechnology rd firm , which is opening
two innovative adultstem cell cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide
near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem
ceil technologies and products .
the stem cel | revoiution :
with breakthroughs in the | ate 199 o ' s , stem ceil research has been one
of the most exciting deveiopments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , inciuding
| eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem cells are the
future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of
diseases
and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has
estimated that stem cell products wiil account for over 10 biilion in
annua |
sales by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist
only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term
commerciaiization opportunities for this research has been in the use
of stem
celis for bone marrow transplant . increasingly , individuals are
choosing
to store their own stem cells in cryogenic banks for future use in
fighting disease . a new industry of cord blood banks and speciaiized
transplant ciinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and
successfu |
technoiogy could meet the annual need for over 150 , 0 oo operations .
viacell
has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2
billion in the us , and 2 bi | | ion giobaliy .
for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a sma | |
rapidly emerging company that is quickly becoming a major piayer in the
stem ce | | revolution , bio - matrix scientific .
about the company : bmxg
bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an
innovative biotechnology rd company , focused on the commerciaiization
of new
and groundbreaking stem cell technoiogies . the company has focused its
initia | efforts on the | aunch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem cel |
bank which wi | | store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future
diseases and ailments . the company plans to launch its initial
cryogenic stem cell faciiities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionaliy
exploring
opportunities for commercialization of new technologies in tissue
management , stem ce | | research instrumentation , and bio - systems
monitoring .
with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem cell cryobank , research
efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced
management
team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and
most dynamic player in the explosive stem ce | | research market .
investment highlights :
bmxg is exceptionaily weil positioned at the forefront of one of the
most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem
cell therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with
research
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues will exceed lo biliion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition
71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 biilion in stem
cel |
funding over the next decade .
with its initia | focus on the estabiishment of stem cell cryogenic stem
ce | | storage faciiities , bmxg is we | | situated in a growing and
commerciaily successful market . there are more than lo major cord
biood banks
in the world , preserving celis from more than 35 , oo 0 donors . viacell
has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biilion in the us and over 2
billion worldwide . as the public understanding of stem cell benefits
improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as
the
foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - cell
growth
bmxg is a trendsetter in this market .
bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation
market with deveiopment of new medica | devices specifica | | y designed to
faciiitate the remova | and transplant of stem ce | | s . the company is in
the process of securing patent protection for its inte | | ectual
properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for
bmxg going
forward .
the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets
company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode |
for
growth in the stem cel | market . the company ' s senior management team ,
helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita |
financing
and pubiic company management , whiie its research efforts under dr .
phiiip watts ( phd - caltech ) are involved in the newest academic
research
into stem cell .
investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share
wail street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cell
research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming al | of the major
biotech
indices . leading stem ce | | research companies such as stemce | | s , inc .
( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - ceil ( ccel ) have witnessed
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23 o % ! with its
enviable position in stem ce | | research , strong management team , and
cryobank
operations , we think bmxg has the potentia | to demonstrate this type of
performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg
to your portfolio today .
good luck and successful trading .
this pubiication is an independent pubiication with the goal of giving
investors the necessary knowledge to make rationa | and profitabie
investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an anaiysis of
the
companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or
se | | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries
risk .
it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consulting
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia |
statements
of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be
reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not
insure
similar future resuits . this is not purported to be a complete and
thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a compiete
review
of the company ' s regulatory fiiings at secgov the information herein
contains future | ooking statements and information within the meaning
of
section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the
securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding
expected
continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express
or
involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future
looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua |
results
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates ,
believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . the publisher discioses the receipt of six
thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from
such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all
factual
information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding
but not | imited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press
releases . this information is believed to be reiiabie but can make no
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many
microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth
noting .
those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception , a
negative net worth , reiiance on | oans from officers , directors and a
majority shareholder to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to
raise
capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor .
use of the materia | within this newsietter constitutes your acceptance
of
the terms in this ciosing statement .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )
