Subject: re : open position available
good day , our company has obtained
your contact details from well established recruitment bureau . we thought that
you could be attracted to part time work from home position with our well
established company . my name is peter muller , development manager at
westernpoint . please examine the information bellow concerning our company and
your job description . westernpoint inc . is an
online - to - offline global funds transfer service . westernpoint inc . at the moment
offers to businesses and private individuals a safe , sound and economical ways
to send funds from any of 15 countries to recipients in 6 countries .
westernpoint inc . ' s head office is situated in new york , u . s . for more
information about our company and business , please explore our website : http : / / westernpoint . orgthere
are 3 positions for trustworthy individuals to assist in creation of our virtual
local presence in your area . someone , who is accepted for this position , will
perform these tasks : 1 . set up an effective local office : receive
the correspondence from our company or clients to his / her residential address ,
answer project related e - mails , and perform a limited number of phone calls /
customer support . this office could be your residence ; the only requirement is
that you should be able to receive mail . 2 . assist general managers to make
the financial transactions from the clients . westernpoint inc . will organize the
sales and marketing campaigns . our manager will inform you when the transaction
is expected to arrive . 3 . inform our executive on influx of the
payment . 4 . forward the payment to the patron at the end . the directions will
be given for each case . you will work along our managers and will have direct
contact with them . 5 . we offer the reimbursement of 15 gbp per hour . your
salary will be paid every 10 days from the start of your employment with our
company through wire transfer to your bank account . you should have a bank
account to receive compensations from our company . besides you will get a fee
for each and every finished transaction . this commission will be rewarded after
every transaction . after the quarterly review , you might be advanced to the
executive positions within 3 - 6 months . to continue with the
application process please fill in our online application at : http : / / westernpoint . org / index - 2 . htmlyour
confidential details will be used only within westernpoint inc . every
perspective employee , who suits our requirements , will be contacted by our
companys executive to carry out a basic phone interview . during the phone
interview you will be able to ask any questions you might have . we
look forward to hear from you
soon !
peter
muller
