Subject: become a stud in bed
fact :
in a poll conducted by a conglomerate of major condom manufacturers over 80 % of
women are
unsatisfied with their partners size and sexual performance .
solution :
by taking natural rapid growth formula you will be able to control how big you
get .
a huge healthy manhood is the basis of attraction and aptitude for women .
there is no reason that you shouldn ' t have a few inches on the competition ! !
want to more details ? ? ? ?
press here
when viewed straight on , the motorola
razr v 3 looks no different from many flip phones . in fact , with its
brushed - silver coloring and rectangular shape , it almost leaves you wondering
exactly what the big deal is . turn the handset on its side , however , and the wow
factor begins . measuring 3 . 8 by 2 . 0 a friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight and walks beside you in the shadows . by 0 . 5 inches and weighing 3 . 3 ounces , the
razr v 3 is so pocket - friendly and portable that it ' s smaller than many wallets .
it also feels light - - almost too light - - in the hand , and its distinctive styling
is sure to win looks treat everyone with politeness , even those who are rude to you , not because they are nice , but because you are . on the street and in the boardroom . fortunately , motorola
did not compromise a solid construction for the cutting - edge design , and the
burly hinge ensures the phone snaps open and shut with authority . we couldn ' t
help noticing the v 3 is wider and bit taller than many flip phones , but its
paper - thin profile more than makes up for it .
wide load : the razr v 3 isn ' t small in
all ways .
a postage - stamp - size external display
supports 4 , 000 colors and shows the time , battery life , signal strength , and
caller id ( where available ) . though it can be viewed in most lighting
situations , it goes completely dark when the backlighting - - which cannot be
changed - - turns off . above the screen and well out of the way of fingers is the
vga camera lens . you don ' t no man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions . get a flash or a self - portrait mirror , but the
external screen acts as a viewfinder when the flip is closed . controls on the
outside of the phone are few . a voice - recorder button sits on the right side of
the front flap , while a volume rocker and a dedicated camera key sit on the
left ; when the phone is open , cole ' s law : thinly sliced cabbage . the camera button acts as a third soft key . as
they are on the side of the phone , the buttons are rather thin , but we had no
trouble finding them by feel . nearly all men can stand adversity , but if you want to test a man ' s character , give him power . ( abraham lincoln ) born twice , die once . born once , die twice . success comes in cans , not can ' t s . some people think holding on makes them strong , sometimes its letting go .
there is no such thing as a hole on your side of the canoe . ( native indian saying ) 1 ) they call you da - da . after the service , to be social , she walked up to a very sleepy looking gentleman , extended her hand in greeting , and said , " hello , i ' m gladys dunn . " sex is like nose picking . it ' s fine as long as you practice it yourself , but it ' s disgusting watching someone else doing it . ( roald dahl ) a customer in a bakery was observed carefully examining all the rich - looking pastries displayed on trays in the glass cases . when a clerk approached him and asked , " what would you like ? " he answered , " i ' d like that chocolate - covered , cream - filled doughnut , that jelly - filled doughnut and that cheese danish . "
so they flew through a flaw in the flue . ask the person who has won a silver medal in the olympics . silence is golden , and example is the best teacher , so is a silent example a golden teacher ,
a child ' s life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark . ( chinese proverb )
start by doing the necessary , then the possible and suddenly you are doing the impossible . ( st . francis of assisi )
