Subject: = = best online pharmacy = =
when i read about the evils of drinking , i gave up reading . very little is needed to make a happy life . it is all within yourself , in your way of thinking . blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact . treat people as if they were what they ought to be , and you help them to become what they are capable of being . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . the best proof of love is trust . when solving problems , dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves . if you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer , i bet it makes beer shoot out your nose . what lies behind us and what lies before us , are only small matters compared to what lies within us . programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . so far , the universe is winning . blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . change is inevitable , except from vending machines . the eskimo has fifty - two names for snow because it is important to them ; there ought to be as many for love . love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does . love is a battle , love is a war ; love is a growing up . always listen to experts . they ' ll tell you what can ' t be done , and why . then do it . not all chemicals are bad . without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . when you ' re in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love , or if it attributes them to her ; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you , from her , or from the meeting of your sparks . love is the beauty of the soul . can miles truly separate you from friends . . . if you want to be with someone you love , aren ' t you already there ? a book may lie dormant for fifty years or for two thousand years in a forgotten corner of a library , only to reveal , upon being opened , the marvels or the abysses that it contains , or the line that seems to have been written for me alone . in this respect the writer is not different from any other human being : whatever we say or do can have far - reaching consequences . what lies behind us and what lies before us , are only small matters compared to what lies within us . change is inevitable , except from vending machines . a human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a shp , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . specialization is for insects . love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes , extends and preserves . its eternal goal is life . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . books are the shoes with which we tread the footsteps of great minds . the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it , it doesn ' t get bigger or heavier . the babylon project was our last , best hope for peace . . . it failed . . . but in the year of the shadow war it became something greater : our last , best hope . . for victory . the year is 2260 , the place : babylon 5 . blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact . the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it , it doesn ' t get bigger or heavier . a happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances , but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes . whatever our souls are made of , his and mine are the same . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world . indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . treat people as if they were what they ought to be , and you help them to become what they are capable of being . a kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years . the great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world , day or night , you can always change the channel . always listen to experts . they ' ll tell you what can ' t be done , and why . then do it . a happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances , but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes . the game of life is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well . i discovered i always have choices and sometimes it ' s only a choice of attitude . if we had no winter , the spring would not be so pleasant ; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity , prosperity would not be so welcome . 24 hours in a day , 24 beers in a case . coincidence ? you can ' t wait for inspiration . you have to go after it with a club . programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . so far , the universe is winning . too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve . touch is the most fundamental sense . a baby experiences it , all over , before he is born and long after he learns to use sight , hearing , or taste , and no human ever ceases to need it . keep your children short on pocket money - but long on hugs . you can ' t be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline . it helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , but at the very least you need a beer . not all chemicals are bad . without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . treat people as if they were what they ought to be , and you help them to become what they are capable of being . the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind . iron rusts from disuse ; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen ; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind . a human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a shp , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly . specialization is for insects . not all chemicals are bad . without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen , for example , there would be no way to make water , a vital ingredient in beer . try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . true friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . everything in excess ! to enjoy the flavor of life , take big bites . moderation is for monks . compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us . beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy . those who are willing to sacrifice essential liberties for a little order , will lose both and deserve neither . you can ' t be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline . it helps if you have some kind of a football team , or some nuclear weapons , but at the very least you need a beer . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . who so loves believes the impossible . the eskimo has fifty - two names for snow because it is important to them ; there ought to be as many for love . love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within . hope is like a road in the country : there was never a road , but when many people walk on it , the road comes into existence . whatever our souls are made of , his and mine are the same . a book may lie dormant for fifty years or for two thousand years in a forgotten corner of a library , only to reveal , upon being opened , the marvels or the abysses that it contains , or the line that seems to have been written for me alone . in this respect the writer is not different from any other human being : whatever we say or do can have far - reaching consequences . a woman drove me to drink and i didn ' t even have the decency to thank her . never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world . indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . a positive attitude will not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . i would like to believe when i die that i have given myself away like a tree that sows seed every spring and never counts the loss , because it is not loss , it is adding to future life . it is the tree ' s way of being . strongly rooted perhaps , but spilling out its treasure on the wind . you can widen your life by yourself , but to deepen it you need a friend . each encounter that becomes a friendship turns into a lifeline . one can never have too many , only too many to properly take care of . compassion is the antitoxin of the soul : where there is compassion even the most poisonous impulses remain relatively harmless . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me , than a frontal lobotomy . autumn is the time when seasons merge because of bare necessity . a woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea . when a friend is in trouble , don ' t annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do . think up something appropriate and do it . reduce the complexity of life by eliminating the needless wants of life , and the labors of life reduce themselves . give me a woman who loves beer and i will conquer the world . always do sober what you said you ' d do drunk . that will teach you to keep your mouth shut . those who are willing to sacrifice essential liberties for a little order , will lose both and deserve neither . no dictator , no invader , can hold an imprisoned population by force of arms forever . there is no greater power in the universe than the need for freedom . against that power , governments and tyrants and armies cannot stand . i discovered i always have choices and sometimes it ' s only a choice of attitude . opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life ; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens . drinking provides a beautiful excuse to pursue the one activity that truly gives me pleasure - - hooking up with fat , hairy girls .
