Subject: web based pharmacy overnights codeine to you
a man can ' t be too careful in the choice of his enemies . sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera . an inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered ; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered . do , or do not . there is no ' try ' . the use of cobol cripples the mind ; its teaching should , therefore , be regarded as a criminal offense . iron rusts from disuse ; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen ; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind . without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . oh , i grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . i ' m living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart . the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it . good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly , while bad people will find a way around the laws . all right , brain , i don ' t like you and you don ' t like me - - so let ' s just do this and i ' ll get back to killing you with beer . whether you think that you can , or that you can ' t , you are usually right . i ' m living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart . dancing is silent poetry . the difference between ' involvement ' and ' commitment ' is like an eggs - and - ham breakfast : the chicken was ' involved ' - the pig was ' committed ' . what the world really needs is more love and less paper work . begin doing what you want to do now . we are not living in eternity . we have only this moment , sparkling like a star in our hand and melting like a snowflake . i ' ve had a wonderful time , but this wasn ' t it . you can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it . i do not consider it an insult , but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic . i do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - - that is all that agnosticism means . take away love and our earth is a tomb . what do you take me for , an idiot ? first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . an intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools . the true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good . the full use of your powers along lines of excellence . grove giveth and gates taketh away . forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . it is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid . perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away . the only difference between me and a madman is that i ' m not mad . love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes , extends and preserves . its eternal goal is life . i would have made a good pope . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me than a . . . brain operation . egotist : a person more interested in himself than in me . not everything that can be counted counts , and not everything that counts can be counted . no dictator , no invader , can hold an imprisoned population by force of arms forever . there is no greater power in the universe than the need for freedom . against that power , governments and tyrants and armies cannot stand . moral indignation is jealousy with a halo . thank you for sending me a copy of your book - i ' ll waste no time reading it . i think ' hail to the chief ' has a nice ring to it . a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . i feel sorry for people who don ' t drink . when they wake up in the morning , that ' s as good as they ' re going to feel all day . anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is , of course , in a state of sin . always remember that i have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me . when you do the common things in life in an uncommon way , you will command the attention of the world . books are the shoes with which we tread the footsteps of great minds . the only difference between me and a madman is that i ' m not mad . logic is in the eye of the logician . i ' ll moider da bum . touch is the most fundamental sense . a baby experiences it , all over , before he is born and long after he learns to use sight , hearing , or taste , and no human ever ceases to need it . keep your children short on pocket money - but long on hugs . each problem that i solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems . i do not fear computers . i fear the lack of them . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me than a . . . brain operation . wit is educated insolence . drinking provides a beautiful excuse to pursue the one activity that truly gives me pleasure - - hooking up with fat , hairy girls . don ' t stay in bed , unless you can make money in bed . to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal . sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being . each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light . i ' m living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart . it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . the great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world , day or night , you can always change the channel . it is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims . without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . oh , i grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . a man can ' t be too careful in the choice of his enemies . the man who says i told you so is making an excuse for not expressing his position clearly in the first place . the mistakes are all waiting to be made . a little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation . i discovered i always have choices and sometimes it ' s only a choice of attitude . too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve . a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . his ignorance is encyclopedic nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances . it was the experience of mystery - - even if mixed with fear - - that engendered religion . a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back . victory goes to the player who makes the next - to - last mistake . love takes up where knowledge leaves off . love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies . god , please save me from your followers ! i can write better than anybody who can write faster , and i can write faster than anybody who can write better . where are we going , and why am i in this handbasket ? from the moment i picked your book up until i laid it down i was convulsed with laughter . some day i intend reading it . a kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years . obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal . drinking provides a beautiful excuse to pursue the one activity that truly gives me pleasure - - hooking up with fat , hairy girls . problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back . of cheerfulness , or a good temper - the more it is spent , the more of it remains . perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away .
