Subject: don ' t over | 00 k this hot pick with break through technoiogy
geec geec geec geec geec
giobal environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 mi | | ion
approx . fioat : 9 million
3 o day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . 0 o
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with several
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into ciean , green eiectricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynoids ,
has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through poiitica | contacts at the highest level .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industrials index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index also
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywe | | .
conservative estimates vaiue the company at one biliion .
solving a dua | crisis - waste and energy
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the giobal waste
problem . this profitable and environmenta | | y safe process converts into
clean ,
green eiectricity such waste materials as municipal soiid waste ,
agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage siudge , shale oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish
the
| oca | or nationa | grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a blue - chip year
geec just announced a 10 bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 0 o ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fuifil | a need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critica | areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfall of 50 o mi | | ion kilowatts exists annually , prompting periodic
blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain
substantia | | y
while providing reiief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposal
and simultaneously heiping china meet its energy needs .
future miiestones :
1 . geec had a loo miliion backlog of saies orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in
operation .
the backiog is now into the billions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be depioyed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miliion wi | | conservatively jump into
the 300 miliion range , a lo - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
international projects which couid add 5 o miliion to the bottom - line or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potential 15 to 25 billion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , | eadership , or
expiosive sales growth .
up unti | now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this
new investor awareness campaign shouid be excellent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which wi | | rocket geec . this power - piay has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wi | | add to the
buying frenzy from investors | oading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , beiieve , may , will , and intend or similar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker deaier . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiled should be acquired , sold or heid by individuals or
entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent
eiectronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in small - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financial broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in
the | oss of some or ail of the investment . the publisher of this
newsietter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of
the
company profile . investors should not reiy soie | y on the information
presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in
this
newsietter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent
research on
the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the speculative nature of the company profiied . ail information
provided about the profiied company has been obtained from publicly
avaiiable
sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic fiiings ,
company press reieases and informational web sites provided by the
actua |
exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist , please go here
( - stoxo 025 @ yahoo . com - )
