Subject: face and finger print technology piyiqpgarcbxxr wvaiqra
acekey ( feky ) facial and fingerprint recognition
products feb . 13 th
targets terrorism
prevention
and corporate fraud
markets
facekey . corporation
market information
symbol - feky
recent price : $ 0 . 40
key drivers
life after 9 / 11 finds america living with evils far
beyond our imagination
one biometric company ( facekey corp ) appears to be on the
forefront of making a difference . facekey corp . trading on the otc under
the ticker symbol feky . headquartered in san antonio texas , this
biometric company combines face and fingerprint recognition technology
which can be used in both the public and private sectors . coo annette
starkweather exclaims by effectively combining both fingerprint and
facial recognition , facekey is targeting the two largest revenue producing
areas in the biometrics industry today while establishing patented
technology to forge the future of biometric applications .
according to the international biometrics group ( ibg ) , an independent
market research firm , the total biometrics market was $ 730 million in
2003 . biometrics is anticipated to grow to approximately $ 4 . 8 billion by
2008 . fingerprint technology represents $ 1 . 4 billion and facial
recognition $ 802 million of that $ 4 . 8 billion . currently the biometric
industry is in its early stages of growth but we believe government
initiatives will act as a major catalyst towards global industry growth .
for example on january 5 th of this year the u . s . - visitor and immigrant
status indicator technology was implemented at 115 airports and 14 ship
terminals ,
requiring u . s . customs officials to digitally photograph and fingerprint
visa carrying foreign nationals data is compared against a government
database of possible terrorists with criminal histories ( source : msnbc ,
roland jones 1 / 20 / 04 ) . the program received $ 330 million for the fiscal
year 2004 .
biometrics is also used in the battle against occupational fraud . based on
2004 report findings by the association of certified fraud examiners ( acfe )
, the typical organization loses 6 percent of its annual revenues to
occupational fraud . if multiplied by the u . s . gdp , which in 2003 was just
under $ 11 trillion , it would translate into $ 660 billion in annual fraud
losses . this is why facekey through its innovative biometric technologies
is focusing much of its core business on fraud . government initiatives are
always plagued with delays due to slow or inconsistent standards of
development , lengthy technology reviews and public comment . to offset that
facekey has diversified into the private sector as well , proving that its
management team has the ability to find other niche areas where its
technology could be used to grow both bottom and top line numbers
continually . in fact in a press release issued january 18 , 2004 , annette
h . starkweather , facekey corp . coo goes on to say , ` ` on a recent trip to
las vegas , we discovered that casinos represent a largely underdeveloped
market that could benefit from facekey ' s biometric products . based on
discussions we have had with casino personnel , our multiple face tracking
software engine would greatly improve the speed and efficiency of current
surveillance methods used by many las vegas casinos to screen their crowds
for persons that could pose a security threat . .
due to an emerging global market and facekey ' s ability to target both
public and private sectors through there innovative facial and fingerprint
recognition technologies we believe this company has the ability increase
market share significantly . i think jp morgan ' s analyst paul coster says
it best when he wrote in his september 2 nd 2004 research report we think
biometrics looks like a rising tide that should lift all boats .
facekey . corporation
at a glance
facekey ' s
combination of
face and fingerprint recognition technology comprises of 60 % of the entire
biometrics market which is predicted to grow to $ 4 . 8 billion by 2008
facekey
possesses a strong ip portfolio consisting of one issued patent and
several patent pending . for additional detail on product information go to
facekey ' s
diversification into both public and private sectors increase market share
potential
facekey
has
funded operations to date with a negligible amount of debt
recent news
wed , feb 2 , 2005
facekey launches fingerprint based pc accesskey to eliminate passwords
primezone media network
mon , jan 31 , 2005
facekey to attend annual government technology conference in austin
primezone media network
thu , jan 27 , 2005
facekey introduces biometric time and attendance system to reduce employee
fraud
primezone media network
tue , jan 25 , 2005
key executive discusses facekey ' s cutting - edge biometric systems
primezone media network
allpennystocks . com spotlights facekey , corp .
primezone media network
mon , jan 24 , 2005
facekey corporation to provide biometric access control system to
malaysian government agency
primezone media network
tue , jan 18 , 2005
facekey corporation to introduce face tracking software for surveillance
primezone media network
wed , jan 12 , 2005
facekey corporation begins trading on the otc markets
primezone media network
* * * * * * * important
notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * *
daily
traders report ( dtr ) publishes reports providing information on selected
companies . dtr is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer .
this report is provided as an information service only , and the statements
and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation
to buy or sell any security . dtr accepts no liability for any loss arising
from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment
in feky is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered
unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . e - direct has
received $ 16 , 500 . 00 from a non - affiliated third party , for the publication
and circulation of this report . this report contains forward - looking
statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking
statements . copyright 2003 by dtr . all rights reserved .
