Subject: never feel small ever again
most studies found that the average penis size is only 5 . 5 inches .
but
why settle for the norm when you can be bigger , better ,
and more effective ?
now you have the
choice . with natural rapid growth
, theres nothing stopping
you from getting the confidence of having a truly huge penis .
check
it out here and change your life
for the better today !
when viewed straight on , the motorola
razr v 3 looks no different from many flip phones . in fact , with its brushed - silver
coloring and rectangular shape , it almost leaves you wondering exactly what
the big deal is . turn the handset on its side , however , and the wow factor begins .
measuring 3 . 8 by 2 . 0 today ' s beautiful moments are tomorrow ' s beautiful memories . by 0 . 5 inches and weighing 3 . 3 ounces , the
razr v 3 is so pocket - friendly and portable that it ' s smaller than many wallets .
it also feels light - - almost too light - - in the hand , and its distinctive styling
is sure to win looks the richest person in the world is not the one who still has the first dollar they ever earned . it ' s the person who still has their first friend . ( martha mason 1864 - 1949 ) on the street and in the boardroom . fortunately ,
motorola did not compromise a solid construction for the cutting - edge design ,
and the burly hinge ensures the phone snaps open and shut with authority . we
couldn ' t help noticing the v 3 is wider and bit taller than many flip phones ,
but its paper - thin profile more than makes up for it .
wide load : the razr v 3 isn ' t small
in all ways .
a postage - stamp - size external display
supports 4 , 000 colors and shows the time , battery life , signal strength , and
caller id ( where available ) . though it can be viewed in most lighting situations ,
it goes completely dark when the backlighting - - which cannot be changed - - turns
off . above the screen and well out of the way of fingers is the vga camera lens .
you don ' t the rich invest ; the smart investigate . get a flash or a self - portrait mirror , but the external
screen acts as a viewfinder when the flip is closed . controls on the outside
of the phone are few . a voice - recorder button sits on the right side of the
front flap , while a volume rocker and a dedicated camera key sit on the left ;
when the phone is open , count your blessings instead of your crosses , the camera button acts as a third soft
key . as they are on the side of the phone , the buttons are rather thin , but
we had no trouble finding them by feel . motivation determines what you do . . . atheism : i can ' t believe it ' s your birthday . nothing is as soft as water , yet who can withstand the raging flood ? ( lao ma )
to truly hear you must quiet the mind . there are three ways to obtain wealth : inheritance , luck , and hard work . none is guaranteed , but you have no influence over the first two . there is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends . that magnet is unselfishness , thinking of others first . when you learn to live for others , they will live for you . ( paramahansa yogananda ) no one would remember the good samaritan if he had only good intentions . he had money as well . ( margaret thatcher ) cheerfulness is contagious , but don ' t wait to catch it from others . be a " carrier " . sign at animal shelter , children left unattended will be given a puppy or a kitten .
some people complain because the roses have thorns . sticks and stones can break my bones , but words can shatter my soul . confrontation doesn ' t always bring a solution to the problem , but until you confront the problem , there will be no solution . ( james baldwin ) relationships can be boring - not people ! not everything that counts can be counted , and not everything that can be counted counts . ( sign hanging in albert einstein ' s office at princeton )
nah
