Subject: watch this hot pick fly
geec geec geec geec geec
global environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec )
shares outstanding : 35 million
approx . float : 9 million
30 day target : 6 . 25
6 month price projection : 15 . 00
recent news and major share - price driving milestones :
geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with several
companies operated by the chinese government .
geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of
waste into clean , green electricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour .
geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynolds ,
has secured a 2 billion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over
a
dozen countries through political contacts at the highest level .
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified
industrials index in the last 3 months . this dow jones index also
contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell .
conservative estimates value the company at one billion .
solving a dual crisis - waste and energy
geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the global waste
problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into
clean ,
green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste ,
agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish
the
local or national grid .
china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 2005 a blue - chip year
geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 00 ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fulfill a need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 billion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfall of 500 million kilowatts exists annually , prompting periodic
blackouts in all chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain
substantially
while providing relief from unmanageable municpal solid waste disposal
and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs .
future milestones :
1 . geec had a 100 million backlog of sales orders for the biosphere
before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in
operation .
the backlog is now into the billions with complete financing to be
provided by china and 1 , 300 biospheres to be deployed throughout the
country .
2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 million will conservatively jump into
the 300 million range , a 10 - times increasee .
3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major
international projects which could add 50 million to the bottom - line or
1 . 42
per share .
4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above
the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion .
5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange listing and continue
to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends .
worldwide market potential 15 to 25 billion over next 5 years with no
other known company that can match their technology , leadership , or
explosive sales growth .
up until now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet
now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this
new investor awareness campaign should be excellent timing in regards
to
some new pr ' s forthcoming which will rocket geec . this power - play has
nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s still a
bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and
the anticipated release of huge news announcements will add to the
buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as
expect , believe , may , will , and intend or similar terms . we are not a
registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt
to
acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the
company profiled should be acquired , sold or held by individuals or
entities that learn of the profiled company . this is an independent
electronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party
for the preparation of this company information . be advised that
investments in small - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and
use of
the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone
decides
to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper
advisement from a registered financial broker . if any party decides to
participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk .
be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in
the loss of some or all of the investment . the publisher of this
newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the
company profile . investors should not rely solely on the information
presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in
this
newsletter as a starting point for doing additional independent
research on
the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding
investment . factual statements made about the profiled company are made
as
of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is
possible that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired
due to
the speculative nature of the company profiled . all information
provided about the profiled company has been obtained from publicly
available
sources which may include the company ' s web site , public filings ,
company press releases and informational web sites provided by the
actual
exchanges where small - cap stocks are traded .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our list , please go here
stoxo 023 @ yahoo . com
