Subject: urgent attention
attn .
i am , ( head of group risk ) bankers trust international london , england . between 31 st july , 1999 / jan . 12 th 2000 , one mr . andreas schranner , a german national , a property magnate , made series of ( fixed ) deposit , valued at # 2 , 550 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundred and fifty thousand pounds ) in my bank branch , upon maturity and as would be required , we sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no response . after a month , we became apprehensive and sent a reminder . finally we discovered from his company that mr . andreas schranner was aboard the ill fated af 4590 plane , which crashed monday , 31 july , 2000 into the hotelissimo .
after further investigation , it was discovered that he died without making a will and all attempts to trace his next of kin proved abortive and futile . as a matter of fact and on further investigation , it was discovered that late mr . andreas schranner did not declare any next of kin or relatives in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paper work here in our bank . this fund is still in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever and has come forward to lay claim to it . in strict accordance with the british banking laws and constitution , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the british government treasury if nobody applies as the next of kin to claim the funds . all i need from you is to play the role as next of kin , the bank will work with verifiable documents which i have . upon acceptance of this proposal , i shall send to you the bankers trust international banks next of kin payment application form as well as detailed information on how this transaction would be carried out . we shall employ the services of a solicitor for the drafting of the last will testament of late mr . andreas schranner and to obtain all other relevant papers in your name for the necessary documentation for payment approval in your favor . i did my homework thoroughly and very well before contacting you .
i am open for negotiation on your terms . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law as i will use my official position and capacity to secure approvals and guarantee the successful execution of this transaction .
please be informed that your utmost confidentiality is required . if this interests you , please , indicate by responding with your
contact details .
thanks .
best regards ,
p . hall
rickhall @ web - mail . com . ar
mail enviado desde el servicio de webmail de audinfor site
- http : / / audinfor . com
