Subject: viagra and cialis : absolutely no doctors appointments needed
don ' t stay in bed , unless you can make money in bed . everything in excess ! to enjoy the flavor of life , take big bites . moderation is for monks . the artist is nothing without the gift , but the gift is nothing without work . if you haven ' t got anything nice to say about anybody , come sit next to me . knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . people demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid . glory is fleeting , but obscurity is forever . egotist : a person more interested in himself than in me . a positive attitude will not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . a friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship . the babylon project was our last , best hope for peace . . . it failed . . . but in the year of the shadow war it became something greater : our last , best hope . . for victory . the year is 2260 , the place : babylon 5 . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me , than a frontal lobotomy . i would like to believe when i die that i have given myself away like a tree that sows seed every spring and never counts the loss , because it is not loss , it is adding to future life . it is the tree ' s way of being . strongly rooted perhaps , but spilling out its treasure on the wind . be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down . an intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools . if you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer , i bet it makes beer shoot out your nose . try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . touch is the most fundamental sense . a baby experiences it , all over , before he is born and long after he learns to use sight , hearing , or taste , and no human ever ceases to need it . keep your children short on pocket money - but long on hugs . the only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them . from the moment i picked your book up until i laid it down i was convulsed with laughter . some day i intend reading it . in any contest between power and patience , bet on patience . programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . so far , the universe is winning . a kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous . all truth passes through three stages . first , it is ridiculed . second , it is violently opposed . third , it is accepted as being self - evident . if we had no winter , the spring would not be so pleasant ; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity , prosperity would not be so welcome . education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance . the nice thing about being a celebrity is that if you bore people they think it ' s their fault . sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being . each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light . it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . a woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea . what do you take me for , an idiot ? it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . i do not consider it an insult , but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic . i do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - - that is all that agnosticism means . books are the shoes with which we tread the footsteps of great minds . a narcissist is someone better looking than you are . where are we going , and why am i in this handbasket ? if you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer , i bet it makes beer shoot out your nose . but at my back i always hear time ' s winged chariot hurrying near . while we are postponing , life speeds by . give me chastity and continence , but not yet . moral indignation is jealousy with a halo . we didn ' t lose the game ; we just ran out of time . i ' ve had a wonderful time , but this wasn ' t it . make everything as simple as possible , but not simpler . i think ' hail to the chief ' has a nice ring to it . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . god , please save me from your followers ! without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . oh , i grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . the instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free . first , society begins by trying to beat you up . if this fails , they try to poison you . if this fails too , the finish by loading honors on your head . but at my back i always hear time ' s winged chariot hurrying near . always do sober what you said you ' d do drunk . that will teach you to keep your mouth shut . problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . logic is in the eye of the logician . the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind . the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it , it doesn ' t get bigger or heavier . whether you think that you can , or that you can ' t , you are usually right . i have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma , a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth . human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe . a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both . time is never wasted when you ' re wasted all the time . egotist : a person more interested in himself than in me . give me a museum and i ' ll fill it . argue for your limitations , and sure enough they ' re yours . all truth passes through three stages . first , it is ridiculed . second , it is violently opposed . third , it is accepted as being self - evident . give me a woman who loves beer and i will conquer the world . forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . the great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world , day or night , you can always change the channel . maybe this world is another planet ' s hell . many a man ' s reputation would not know his character if they met on the street . it is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims . very little is needed to make a happy life . it is all within yourself , in your way of thinking . the babylon project was our last , best hope for peace . . . it failed . . . but in the year of the shadow war it became something greater : our last , best hope . . for victory . the year is 2260 , the place : babylon 5 . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . god , please save me from your followers ! beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy . basically , i no longer work for anything but the sensation i have while working . an inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered ; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered . he who has a ' why ' to live , can bear with almost any ' how ' . i ' ll sleep when i ' m dead . everything has been figured out , except how to live . it has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity . no one can earn a million dollars honestly .
