Subject: urgent , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
3 / 5 rider haggard
close , jo , borg
south africa .
tel no : 871 762 6044 95
francisoj @ emailpinoy . com
{ urgent and confidential )
( re : transfer of ( $ 52 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd )
fifty two million dollars
dear sir ,
we want to transfer to overseas ( $ 52 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) fifty two million united
statesdollars ) from a bank in africa , i want to ask you to quietly look
for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide
either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately
to receive this money , even an empty a / c can serve to receive this money ,
as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for this important
business trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me
down either now or in future .
i am mr francis joseph the auditor general of a bank in africa , during the
course of our auditing , i discovered a floating fund in an account opened
in the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on this account again ,
after going through some old files in the records i discovered that the
owner of the account died without a [ heir ] hence the money is floating and
if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing .
the owner of this account is mr . arthur coleman , a foreigner , and an industrialist ,
who died since 1993 and no other person knows about this account or anything
concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation
proved to me as well that arthur coleman until his death was the manager
of coleman coy . ( pty ) . sa . we will start the first transfer with two six
million [ $ 26 , 000 . 000 ] upon successful transaction without any disappointment
from your side , we shall re - apply for the payment of the remaining amount
to your account . the amount involved is ( usd 52 m ) fifty two million united
states dollars only . i want to first transfer $ 26 , 000 . 000 [ two six million
united states dollars from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad
before the rest , but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am only contacting you
as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local person
here , without valid international foreign passport , but can only be approved
to a foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and
foreign a / c because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the
a / c mr . arthur coleman is a foreigner too , [ and the money can only be approved
into a foreign a / c . however , we will sign a binding agreement , to bind us
together . i got your contact address from my secretary who operates computer .
i am revealing this to you with believe in god that you will never let me
down in this business , you are the first and the only person that i am contacting
for this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you on
the next step to take urgently . send also your private telephone and fax
numbers including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit .
i want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding
agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any
account of your choice where the fund will be safe before we fly to your
country for withdrawal , sharing and investments . i need your full co - operation
to make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this payment
to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will
give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you
are capable and will meet up with instructions of a key bank official who
is deeply involved with me in this business . i need your strong assurance
that you will never , never let me down . with my influence and the position
of the bank official , we can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable
account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact
pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing . the bank official
will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money
leaving no trace to any place and to build onfidence you can come immediately
to discuss with me face to face after which i will make this remittance
in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days
ahead of the money going into the account . i will apply for annual leave
to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act and receive
this fund in your account . i will use my position and influence to obtain
all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with
appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign exchange
departments . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of
the total amount , 60 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both
parties might have incurred during the process of transfering .
i look forward to your earliest reply : francisoj @ emailpinoy . com
yours ,
francis joseph
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br
