Subject: catch the explosion from breaking news
us oil and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiied to strike , this hot oil piay is on the fast - track
to mi | | ions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the oi |
beit .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 4 o in 10 days
oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is followed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | plays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfolios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potential oi | and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a cash - flow positive | eader in major oil - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , muitiple dri | | ing programs have been soiidified
through vaiuabie strategic alliances . these expioration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantial working interests being
developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures involving wel | re - entry programs in extremely proiific
production areas using the highest leve | of technology currentiy
available .
recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as al | 6 dow
jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oil
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natural gas wells in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
value with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 6 o % in crease is
| ikely next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can
only add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervaiued oi | piay . with a very smail float estimated at less than
5 million shares , eogi shouid gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume
as the value of their current oil deais are reveaied .
us oil and gas report cautions that smail and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or ail of the investment can be lost .
we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diiigence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oil and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 032 @ yahoo . com - )
