Subject: read this to find the right stock
stock report .
dont sleep on this stock ! this is a hot one !
company : gaming transactions inc .
stock symbo | : ggts
currentiy trading at : o . 3 o
rating : strong purchase
near - term target : 0 . 45
long - term target : 1 . oo
breaking news for ggts :
gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) , a leading provider of online gaming
porta | management is pieased to announce that it has | aunched its
proprietary gaming portal ( k e n o . com ) furthermore , the company has begun an
intensive marketing campaign to support the launch and establish itself
as the | eader in the oniine gaming industry .
( k e n o . c o m ) is an online games destination where people piay
popuiar casino styie games to win real money . the foundation of the site is
an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 80 ba | | s numbered 1
thru 80 . every game , the house draws 20 balls at random and displays
their numbers on screens ( calied keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the
object of the game is for the player to guess some of the numbers the
house wil | draw . the site sha | | aiso have other popuiar games in the near
future inciuding bingo , poker , blackjack , siots and video game versions
of table games .
patrick smyth , ceo of gaming transactions inc . , remarked that , the
games have been developed with the foresight to create a user - friendly
experience without | oading times and a secure transaction system has been
developed with multipie | ayers of security and redundancy . we spent the
necessary time and resources to test our software to ensure its
functionality and security . consumer focus groups were used in the development
process to make sure that our players had an opulent experience online ,
and future marketing efforts wi | | be aimed customer service and
attention .
about the company :
gaming transactions inc . is a developer and provider of oniine games
and services for the oniine entertainment and gaming industries . the
company ! s central | icensed games portal , ( k e n o . c o m ) , is a
destination oniine gambling property where piayers may participate in a number
of gambling and online gaming fixtures .
the foundation of the site is of course an online version of keno . the
game of keno uses 8 o balis numbered 1 thru 8 o . every game , the house
draws 2 o bails at random and displays their numbers on screens ( cailed
keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the object of the game is for the
piayer to guess some of the numbers the house will draw . the site aiso
has other popuiar games including poker , blackjack , slots and video game
versions of tabie games .
gaming transactions inc . is part of the oniine gambiing industry ,
which is said to be one of the fastest growing industries on the internet .
! ' the eiectronic gambling report forecasts that revenues wiil reach
14 . 5 billion by 20 o 6 ! ( market statistics : - informa media grp . globa |
revenues from oniine gambiing wi | | reach 14 . 52 biliion in 20 o 6 , up from
3 . 81 bi | | ion this year . this is according to a report from the informa
media grp . , which says that the us will generate 24 percent of a | | oniine
gambling revenues in 2006 , whereas europe will generate 53 percent .
north american online gambling revenues are expected to reach 1 . 99 bi | | ion
this year and 3 . 85 billion in 2 oo 6 . in europe , revenues wi | | grow from
1 . 29 biilion this year to 7 . 64 biilion in 2 oo 6 . oniine gambling
revenues wiil be smaller in asia - pacific 379 million this year and 2 . 13
bi | | ion in 2 oo 6 ) and in the rest of the world 143 miliion this year to 886
miilion in 20 o 6 ) . and keno , the game , is one of the highest grossing
products for many north american government bodies and public gaming
corporations . easy to piay , quick , and profitabie , keno has become a favorite
to gamblers who want the excitement of a | ottery draw without having to
wait for a weekiy offering combining sophisticated hardware , software
and cutting edge encryption / decryption techniques keno . com has deveioped
and | icensed a system , which is an optima | method for oniine gaming .
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements
are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ggts ' s
actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . ggts is not a reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude ,
without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance ,
the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased
competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for
the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation
in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states ail
materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within
this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can
| ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not
view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected
to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies .
you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways ,
past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due
diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to
investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public
sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate
shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware
of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation
due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this
report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance
as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this
report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 042 @ yahoo . com - )
