Subject: hot stocks for quick surge
us oi | and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the leading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy piays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oil piay is on the fast - track
to mi | | ions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the oi |
beit .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in 10 days
oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is followed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a cash - fiow positive leader in major oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yielding , multiple driliing programs have been soiidified
through vaiuable strategic ailiances . these expioration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being
developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures involving we | | re - entry programs in extremely prolific
production areas using the highest | eve | of technoiogy currentiy
availabie .
recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as a | | 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
deveioping natura | gas welis in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
vaiue with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease is
likely next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can
oniy add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in
this undervaiued oil play . with a very small fioat estimated at | ess than
5 miilion shares , eogi shouid gap sharpiy to the upside on heavy voiume
as the value of their current oil deais are reveaied .
us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or all of the investment can be | ost .
we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
research and due diiigence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financial pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or
soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sell securities . us oi | and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand do | | ars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties
that couid cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 032 @ yahoo . com - )
