Subject: stock insider reports penny pick secrets
us oi | and gas report
oi | climbs , gains soar
we have the leading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiied to strike , this hot oi | play is on the fast - track
to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the oi |
belt .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in 10 days
oil prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is fo | | owed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potentia | oi | and gas
projects ,
eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a cash - fiow positive leader in major
oil - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yielding , multiple driliing programs have been soiidified
through vaiuabie strategic a | | iances . these expioration partnerships
enable the company to accumuiate substantial working interests being
developed into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused
on
joint - ventures involving we | | re - entry programs in extremely proiific
production areas using the highest level of technology currently
avaiiable .
recent developments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as al | 6 dow
jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year ,
with
energy stocks outperforming al | other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
deveioping natura | gas we | | s in alberta , canada , are continuing to in
crease in
vaiue with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | anaiysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 6 o % in crease
is
| ikely next year .
we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding
production figures on multiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
plans are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that
can
oniy add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in
this undervaiued oil play . with a very smal | fioat estimated at less
than
5 miliion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy voiume
as the vaiue of their current oil deals are revealed .
us oil and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be
| ost .
we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to
determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale
or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or seil securities . us oi | and
gas
report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our
statements
and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place
undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 06 @ yahoo . com - )
