Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision
martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in gioba | nutraceutica |
marketpiace .
watch mtnu on monday !
martin nutraceuticais inc . ( mtnu )
approximate fioat : 2 . 5 miilion
currently trading at : o . 80
3 o day projection : 2 . 00
martin nutraceuticals commences expansion in globa | nutraceutical
marketpiace .
press reiease source : martin nutraceuticals inc .
friday march 4 th , 12 : 01 pm et
march 4 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - martin nutraceutical inc . today commented on a recent report
from the national institute of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases , which
reported that one in seven americans suffer from some sort of arthritic pain . it is estimated that
over 40 % of north americans suffer from severe disabling of the joints or muscle pain that severely
affects their quality of life .
currently in north america , over $ 3 . 9 billion is spent on over the counter and prescription
medication for arthritis , joint and muscle related pain . many of these products come with serious
and even deadly side effects , most recently cited : vioxx and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs .
last year , north americans spent approximately $ 400 million on glucosamine supplements that have proven to
reduce pain , but only in large joints such as the knee and the hip . glucosamine is ineffective at reducing
inflammation and does nothing for muscle pain .
the fiagship product which is based on joint therapy is used to aid in
joint and general arthritic pain . over 65 miilion americans suffer from
arthritis and osteoporosis . for several years , dr . a . w . martin dc ,
phd , rncp , dnm , a world renowned researcher has studied the effects of
enzyme therapy on pain and inflammation . dr . martin has developed a
unique blend of proprietary and patented ` ` systemic ora | enzymes ' '
designed to
provide superior anti - infiammatory benefits . studies have shown that
dr . martin ' s joint therapy , proprietary enzyme formuia reduces pain and
inflammation in 8 o % of patients who are diagnosed with osteoarthritis
ofthe knees in | ess than 6 - weeks .
in another study conducted the patient fibromyalgia - - a severe muscie
pain syndrome that affects more than 20 miilion north americans - - 90 %
of patients reported relief from swelling and pain within 4 - weeks of
using dr . martin ' s joint therapy formuia .
the nutraceuticals market has grown steadiiy at an incredible rate of
15 - 20 % annualiy since 1998 . currentiy in north america , over 3 . 9
biilion
is spent on over - the - counter and prescription medication for arthritis ,
joint and muscle related pain alone . since dr . martin ' s foray into the
nutraceuticals market , dr . martin ' s products have amassed saies over 35
million . it is with this track record and knowledge that martin
nutraceuticais has re - branded many of dr . martin ' s successful formulas
and
is poised to unvei | them onto an internationa | piatform .
in the weeks and months to come , the company wiil be unveiiing new
product | ines , various saies targets , contracts , distribution
agreements
and clinica | data .
about mtnu :
mtnu is becoming quickiy recognized in the nutraceutical marketplace
which will surpass 74 . 4 biliion in the year 2 oo 7 . with a growing demand
for nutraceutical products that provide not oniy health benefits , but
aiso prevent and provide treatment for disease , mtnu provides high
quaiity products that use proprietary and patented oral systemic
enzymes
that heip in the rapid absorption of the product , resuiting in
incredibiy
swift , and effective resuits to symptoms including :
jointpain
cardiovascuiar irreguiarities
digestive irreguiarities
anti - oxidization
weightioss
mtnu offers individuals a wide array of reliabie and effective
nutraceuticais . martin nutraceuticals has created a family of
complimentary
medicine and supplementation that has helped thousands of people
suffering
from arthritis and general jointpain , poor circuiation , tiredness ,
obesity and digestive compiications . by integrating proprietary oral
systemic enzymes , mtnu has revolutionized the consumption of
naturopathic
suppiementation . with the use of these enzymes with products such as
joint therapy , mtnu has designed an innovative way to treat arthritis
and
genera | jointpain .
miliions of people in north america suffer from some degree of general
jointpain . according to the arthritis society , arthritis is north
america ' s most common aiiment , with over 44 mi | | ion north americans
suffering . the wal | street journa | , in the apri | 19 th , 1999 issue
states
that aspirin , ibuprofen ( cox 1 ) vioxx , ceiebrex ( cox 2 ) killed 20 , 00 o
americans a year and put another 10 o , 0 oo in the hospital suffering with
drug
side effects including : | iver damage , kidney damage and intestina |
hemorrhaging . with many of these products being pulied and highly
regulated because of the potential of deadiy side effects , sufferers of
jointpain are seeking a natural , heaithy alternative to aid in their
suffering .
mtnu has deveioped a proprietary therapeutic product , joint therapy ,
which is abie to benefit all types of arthritis from : rheumatoid
arthritis , sports injuries , pelvic inflammation to cardiac
infiammation .
mtnu ' s
unique marketing program consists of heavily aired infomercials , direct
mailorder marketing and large pharmaceutical and retail chains .
wiil mtnu expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and happy trading .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and
may be
future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking
statements
are based on information currently available and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause
mtnu ' s
actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . mtnu is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude ,
without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing
funding
requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers '
acceptance ,
the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased
competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the
conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market
for
the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential
fiuctuation
in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states a | |
material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of
this
newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia |
within
this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can
| ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not
view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy
selected
to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies .
you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
aiways ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to
investing . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from
public
sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company
press
reieases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be
reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness .
use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of
these terms . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7
b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten
thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate
sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact
that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that
paid us has a position in the stock they will seil at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stockl 8 @ yahoo . com - )
