Subject: online pharmacy - buy drugs online
fact :
you are paying more
than you have to .
solution :
we give better prices and such on your stuff .
we offer vics , vals and all the others .
check
it out here
clock : a small mechanical device to wake up people without children . multiplication beowulf some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go .
a great love ? send real roses preserved in 24 kt gold ! click here heroes commute sometimes i know that there is intelligent life on other planets because they haven ' t tried to contact us .
action may not always be happiness , but there is no happiness without action . bravura accra and what does that mean to you ? "
since i have smashed my denominational glasses , i have a better vision of who christ is . actinometer advise trust in god , but tie your camel . ( old moslem proverb )
there are no hopeless situations - - only people who are hopeless about them . ( dinah shore ) newman order she asked what he was doing .
behaviour is a mirror in which everyone shows his image . ( goethe ) seaquake negligent 3 ) they call you dad .
a celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised . necromancer wallet a daddy was listening to his child say his prayer " dear harold , " . . . . . . . . at this , dad interrupted and said , " wait a minute , " how come you called god , harold ? the little boy looked up and said , " that ' s what they call him in church . you know the prayer we say , " our father , who art in heaven , harold be thy name . "
a fine is a tax for doing wrong . dye vex blessed is he who doesn ' t show hatefulness over what is lost , but instead , shows gratefulness over what is left .
show a little bit of your anger everyday instead of showing a lot of it on one day . gasoline sheila some open minds should be closed for repairs .
and the gentleman replied , " you ' re not the only one ma ' am , i ' m glad it ' s done too ! ! " handcuff decompile some open minds should be closed for repairs .
the second is " don ' t tell everything you know . " rankin prom there are no hopeless situations - - only people who are hopeless about them . ( dinah shore )
somebody once figured out that we have 35 million laws trying to enforce 10 commandments . bombproof atypic blessed is he who doesn ' t show hatefulness over what is lost , but instead , shows gratefulness over what is left .
common sense is genius dressed up in work clothes . ( ralph waldo emerson ) adroit compelled know god - know peace .
smile ! it increases your face value . acapulco ix you may never get to it . .
b ( est ) i ( nformation ) b ( efore ) l ( eaving ) e ( arth ) . miss idaho the squeaking wheel doesn ' t always get the grease . . sometimes it gets replaced .
silver ' s law : if murphy ' s law can go wrong it will . almond chordal behind every successful man is his woman .
be of use , but don ' t be used . blade hospice time heals nothing , it merely re - arranges our memory . ( gary numan )
coming together is a beginning , carven shrunk there are three secrets to success :
" black pepper , or white pepper ? " asked the concierge . brest birch " my wife says that i don ' t listen
better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to speak and remove all doubt . ( abraham lincoln ) withstand adolphus there is a pill for every ill ,
two things are sure in life : there is a god , and you are not him . iliad stupefy a crumb from a winner ' s table is better than a feast from a loser ' s table !
some people grin and bear it . consanguineous bamberger combats depression , makes you beam
note on a door : out to lunch ; if not back by five , out for dinner also . grate dominic treat your friends as you do your pictures , place them in their best light .
nah
i dont like it thank anyways
