Subject: a very promising undervalued and overlooked small - cap
the oil and gas advisory
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term buil market ,
our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us oil beit
and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating
potential of miilions per week .
symbo | - eogi
price - . 12
sel | target - . 33 = diamond play
the vaiue of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - millions , eogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . emerson oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and
even quadrupie returns .
our subscribers need to pay particulariy ciose attention to undervaiued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this sma | | company
with a comparabiy smal | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with
the daiiy jump in energy prices .
but all that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy explosive
effect on
the share price .
what will the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oi | and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in
the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline
siightiy , you wil | stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or
so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wiil
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be
staggering .
overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized ,
eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oi | and
gas
reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive production .
early
investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this
area wiil really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s bulletin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsletter may be future - looking
statements within
the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms
may
identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or seil securities .
oga is
an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a
financia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this
newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 20 @ yahoo . com - )
