Subject: matter of urgency
matter of urgency from williams familyabidjan . ivory coast
dearest one .
my name is martin williams son of late dr and mrs alfred williams , my fahter was a very wealthy cocoa merchant based in abidjan . the economic capital of ivory coast before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outing to discuss on a business deal .
when my mother died , my father took me so special because i am motherless . before the death of my father in a private hospital here in abidjan . he secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he deposited the sum of us $ 1 . 800 . 000 ( one million eight hundred thousand , united states dollars ) in abidjan . he also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates , that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose .
i am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways :
1 ) to help us stand as partner / beneficary so that this money would be transferred safely to you in your destination 2 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am 21 years and my sister shara 17 years 3 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money has been transferred , to further our education .
moreover , we are willing to offer you 15 % of the total fund as compensation for your effort input after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account .
furthermore , you can indicate your option towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded within seven ( 7 ) days you signify interest to assist me .
anticipating to hear from you soon . do hurry to assist us now that this country is in political choas , we urgently needs your kind attention .
kindly call us on this telephone line : + + 22508120833
thanks and god blessmartin and shara williams . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio = wanp & cod = dgo 44