Subject: penny stock booms on continued demand
rochester , ny , apr 11 , 2005 ( m 2 presswire via comtex ) - - otcstockexchange . coms
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 24
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miliion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | suppiy
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annuaily for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are located 45 miies apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to al | of these properties ; they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 000 we | | s produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 doliars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 73 @ yahoo . com
