Subject: from daniel
from : daniel tarwo
abidjan cote d ' ivoire .
tel : + 22508176216
good day dear ,
permit me to inform you of my desire to go into business relationship with
you . although i do not know you or meet you before but it was god ' s divine
direction that i came across your mail hence my desire to honourably seek
for your assistance .
i am daniel tarwo from ivory coast , the only son of late mr george tarwo . my
father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant based in abidjan , the economic
capital of ivory coast before he was poisoned to death by his business associates
on one of their outing to discuss on a business .
when my mother died on the 21 st october 1993 , my father took me
so special because i am motherless . before the death of my father on 9 th
june 2004 in a private hospital here in abidjan . he secretly called me on
his bedside and told me that he has a sum of us $ 16 , 000 , 000 ( sixteen million
united states dollars ) he deposited in a suspence account in bank here in
abidjan , that he used my name as the only son for the next of kin in deposit
of the fund .
he also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned
by his business associates , that i should seek for a foreign partner in
a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment
purpose .
please , i am seeking your assistance in this following ways .
( 1 ) to provide a bank account where this money would be transferred .
( 2 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a boy of 21
years .
( 3 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money
has been transferred . moreover , i am willing to offer you 20 % of the total
sum as assistance for your effort / input after the successful transfer
of this fund to your norminated account in overseas . further more , you can
indicate your option towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction
would be concluded within seven ( 7 ) days you signify interest to assist
me . please i am waiting to hear from you as soon as possible , through my
e - mail address or by telephone .
thanks and god bless you and your family
yours sincerely ,
daniel tarwo .
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br
