Subject: make money in the market
yap international , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 17
watch this stock tuesday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland .
under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ? business pian relating to its proprietary voip technology . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us do | | ar 50 o , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wiil primarily be applied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additional equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wil | ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion teiephones worldwide , but specificaily , the internationa | cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sateilite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeles , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international persona | gateway .
* yap international announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , oo 0 , ooo and yap international expects that its products wi | | comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exciusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has compieted 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background also inciudes direct involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celiular phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio
telephone inc . of russia .
and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ? actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , should be compieted prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here ( - stockl 3 @ yahoo . com - )
