Subject: pentax mobile printers and scanner
mobile printers scanner
$ 149 . 00
$ 336 . 00
$ 394 . 00
the pentax dsmobile usb portable scanner is
designed to go hand in hand with your portable computing solution
while providing the features
and capabilities expected from a desktop scanner . this
advanced technology sheet - feed scanner features a unique usb power / data
interface , which avoids the need for a battery or an external
power adapter .
at
barely over 10 long and
1 lb . in weight , the pocketjet 200 fits easily into your briefcase ,
computer bag , or can be quickly mounted in any vehicle or
small work area . using advanced direct thermal printing
technology , the pentax pocketjet 200 eliminates the need for
messy and expensive ink , toner , or ribbons .
at
barely over 10 long and
1 lb . in weight , the pocketjet ii fits easily into your briefcase ,
computer bag , or can be quickly mounted in any vehicle or
small work area . using advanced direct thermal printing
technology , the pentax pocketjet ii eliminates the need for
messy and expensive ink , toner , or ribbons .
specification :
specification :
specification :
small ,
compact design - measuring 1 . 4 " in height ,
1 . 8 " in depth , 11 " in length and weighing only 12
ounces , it ' s ultra - portable ! sheet - fed design -
the dsmobile usb allows scanning from business card size to 8 . 5 x
14 " paper size . multifunction capability - the dsmobile
usb offers : instant transmission of printed page documents via
e - mail , fax or the web . copy printed material and turn them into a
pc document without retyping . scan and edit images or
forms . lighter
in weight . no
external power adapter - the dsmobile usb features a unique
usb power / data
interface , which draws power directly from the
pc and avoids the need for any external power adapter .
high quality printing
- direct thermal print technology produces
200 dpi text
and graphics . cost efficient - never needs replacement
cartridges or toner , just add pentax quality paper and print .
flexible - buy a complete kit or customize a
configuration for your specific use . interface options -
usb , parallel , and serial are available , or print wireless with
bluetooth or irda . warranty - one year parts and labor
warranty . mobility - print up to 100 pages on a single
battery charge . recharge battery in 130 minutes .
windows pda compatible - works with most
print - enabled handheld pcs and laptops / desktops running windows ,
including windows 3 . 1 , 95 , 98 , ce , me , 2000 , nt , xp , pocketpc , and
palmos .
high quality
printing - direct thermal print
technology produces 300
dpi text and graphics . cost efficient - never
needs replacement cartridges or toner , just supply pentax quality
paper . flexible - buy a complete kit or customize a
configuration for your specific use . interface options -
attach an infrared adapter for wireless printing . usb , parallel ,
serial , and bluetooth interface cables are also
available . warranty - one year parts and labor
warranty . mobility - print up to 100 pages on a single
battery charge . recharge battery in 130
minutes . windows pda compatible - works with most
print - enabled handheld pcs and laptops / desktops running windows ,
including windows 3 . 1 , 95 , 98 , ce , me , 2000 , nt , xp , pocketpc ,
palmos , and rim blackberry .
visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals !
your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com
for latest clearance sale listing contact our
sales department .
for further details please send
your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com
compaq
hewlett packard
3 com
dell
intel
iomega
epson
aopen
creative
toshiba
apc
cisco
us
robotics
microsoft
canon
intellinet
targus
viewsonic
ibm
sony
- - - - - - - and lots more
! ! !
if you have any
complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com
tel + 971 4
8834464
all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works ,
fax + 971 4
8834454
jebel ali duty free zone
www . computron - me . com
prices and availability subject to change
usa -
canada u . a . e .
without
notice .
to receive our special offers
in plain
text format reply to this
mail with the request * for
export only *
this
email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact
information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer
and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or
for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove
" in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you
in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail
( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii
passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks
are the property of their respective owners
products may not be exactly as shown
above
- -
to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link :
click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser .