Subject: message for peace and reconciliation
an open letter to muslims only
( a message for peace and reconciliation )
dear brothers and sisters ,
god forbid if any one of our near one and dear one is killed then the killer is evil , a beast and what not and should get penalty but if one among us kills anybody then he is not evil and we start finding justifications behind killing . . . . double standards ?
being muslims , many of our brothers and sisters are not working for peace . they are misguided , mistaken and spreading the virus of hatred and revenge through disinformation and false accusations , which is resulting in death and miseries for number of innocent people living around the world at the hands of merciless killer muslims and also bringing bad name to mohammed ( pbuh ) who never killed anyone in his life time .
instead of teaching about good evil , certain radical muslim clerics are only trading in religion . they teach us about accusing , abusing and killing the non - muslims . they try to hypnotize us to hate and kill the non - muslims and brethren of other sects or be killed and without using any common sense , we readily believe in whatever is being said by these hate mongers . actually , they are agents of satan who is paying them heavily and in return they are cutting at the very roots of the ummah . instead of mourning most of the muslims are rejoicing on the brutal killings of the non - combatant innocent civilians and the murderers have always been our great heroes .
before it is too late and the curse of god falls upon us , we should use common sense , find out the truth and wakeup to save muslims from becoming the most hated , isolated , discredited and suspicious people in the world . we must start working for promoting sectarian harmony and religious tolerance in the society and should prove to the world through our deeds that mohammed ( pbuh ) teaches love peace and not gangsterism , terrorism , extremism , sectarianism , cruelty , inhumanity and hatred killing of the innocent civilians .
islam is a religion of peace . islam teaches respect and love for all even the animals . but many narrow - minded muslims have so far failed to learn anything from the teachings of mohammed ( pbuh ) . we are far away from the basic principle of islam i . e . enjoining the people to do good and forbidding them from doing evil . unfortunately , most of us remember only one thing to be called as good muslims and that is to hate the non - muslims .
the killing of others in the name of religion is a sin . can a father ever teach his children to be the permanent enemies of each other ?
my prayer for peace :
merciful god , please give to peoples of the world , the required wisdom and determination , to forgive and forget the bitterness of the past and learn to live in peace like brothers and sisters , by ending the divisions and hatreds created in us by our past and present elders . ( amen )
i seek your opinion to correct the situation .
thanking you in advance ,
s . a . rehman
peace activist
for contact
email : rehman 889 @ hotmail . com
email . sarhmn 28 @ yahoo . com
