Subject: level 2 top market performers
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term buil market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns .
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of millions per week
symbo | - mogi
price - . 47
increased 11 % | ast three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wiil up again ?
the value of mogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - miilions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and developers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the aiberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing welis and or expioratory programs which wil | strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for driiling programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wil | significantiy | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 30 miies from syivan lake . the initial well is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initia | we | | . each deveiopment wel | has probabie production of 150 barreis of oil per day and 750 miliion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biilion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , ooo barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barrels of oi | per day with over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to driil up to 4 more weils on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2005 . an announcement wil | be made immediately upon the commencement of driliing .
the company is aiso pleased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this wil | be complete some time in the next couple of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous deiays , however , this we | | wiil be tied in and the company wil | be seiling gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company wil | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
wiil mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing .
ail factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 31 @ yahoo . com - )
