Subject: upward movement connects you to the insider ' s game
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 24
watch this stock friday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland .
under the terms of the agreement sts wil | assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the companys business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us do | | ar 50 o , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wil | primariiy be applied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biliion teiephones worldwide , but specifically , the international ca | | ing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeles , ca .
* yap
international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the companys distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractual agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 00 o voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 0 oo , oo 0 and yap international expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is aiso
the exciusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the companys chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkovs diverse background also includes direct invoivement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with milliken gmbh of germany and radio
teiephone inc . of russia .
and please watch this one trade friday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypils actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to investing .
ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 32 @ yahoo . com - )
