Subject: microcap company spotlight
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip )
technologies .
shares outstanding : 34 , 000 , ooo
fioat : 4 , oo 0 , 0 oo
current price : o . o 9
wil | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 18 - - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they wouid regulate voice over internet protocol
( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as | oca | teiephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to buiid
sustainabie competition in local teiephone markets , the incumbent carriers
wi | | not be permitted to price their loca | voip services below cost to
stifle competition .
the ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cable companies and virtual operators . the ruiing permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad
international inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization
woridwide , dia | - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . aione , there are over 2 oo , oo 0 , 000 users of the internet . of the
tota | users in the u . s . , the total number of users of broadband is oniy
approximateiy 4 o , ooo , oo 0 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore
represents approximately 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users worldwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s abiiity to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service
providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration ,
but also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easiiy adaptable product .
about nomad international inc .
nomad international inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over
internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s revoiutionary voip
product | ine called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cabie , sateliite and wireless capabiiities . the company pians on
targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in
effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace ,
2 ) large muitinational corporations which need to have us or european
presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in
their offices in guatemaia or london - - offering business partners a more
economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
reiatives in their country of origin .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie
for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 014 @ yahoo . com
