Subject: top performer lately stock wise is kdsc
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in
alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly
coveted reservoirs with generating potential of millions per week
aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oil and gas ( mogi ) .
montana oil and gas inc . ( other o - t - c - mogi - news )
announces that
the sylvan lake oil and gas project is still awaiting a rig at this time .
the surface
lease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become
available for
over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the latest .
the company has a 25 % working interest in the sylvan lake project .
symbol - mogi
price - . 48
rating - strongbuy
the value of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bull
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - millions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains
are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple
and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) peter sanders notes : ` ` with the prices of
oil at all - time highs and with the popularity of drilling in alberta ,
canada ,
the demand for rig and crew is at an all - time high as well ; all we can do is
be patient until a rig is secured . all permits are in place and shareholders
will be updated once drilling begins . ' '
montana oil and gas will participate in a minimum 4 - well program , on a third
for
a quarter basis , called sylvan lake , located west of red deer , alberta .
montana oil and gas '
cost per well is $ 180 , 000 , with the first well to be drilled upon rig
availability .
it is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and in
upper pay zone ` ` shunda ' ' for gas .
each development well has probable production of a minimum 150 barrels of
oil per day
and 750 , 000 cubic feet gas per day with potential reserves in excess of 1
billion cubic feet gas
and 300 , 000 barrels oil . there are five prospective pay zones , the average
well in the sylvan lake field
has produced 500 barrels oil per day with over one million cubic feet gas
per day
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currently available and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ' s actual results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those
expressed in , or implied by , these futur e - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company
has additional riskfactors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a goingconcern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers '
acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of
increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the
conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited
trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of
the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the
potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher
of this report does not represent that the information contained in
this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information
provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the
material within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s )
of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing
to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance
of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not
indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence
effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or
edgar - online com when available , should be completed prior to investing . all factual information in this report was gathered from public
sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate
shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be
aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the
publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the
material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - jeff _ 2004 @ fastmail . fm - )
