Subject: sma | | cap company in the right sector
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 22
watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap international inc . ( otc : ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a | etter of intent with lmb technologies inc . for an exciusive license to its proprietary voip technologies for the geographic region of the caribbean .
subject to the conclusion of a definitive agreement , yap would provide lmb technologies inc . with exciusive access to market , distribute and re - license the stabie of voip related and products being developed by yap .
the caribbean market is growing in terms of its access to the benefits of voip technologies . access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pieased to potentialiy partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a deveioping region , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international .
a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these sma | | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ?
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications
company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion teiephones woridwide , but specificaliy , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabilities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statem !
ents are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market !
for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers sho !
uld not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be completed prior to investing .
all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 36 @ yahoo . com - )
