Subject: partnership
petroleum ( special ) trust fundlagos - . request for urgent business proposal . from the desk of : dr . john okoliedear sir , this letter may come to you as a surprise since it iscoming from someone you have not met before . however , we decided to contact you based on asatisfactory information we had about you . i am a medical doctor currently working with thepetroleum trust fund ( ptf ) . i and some of my close andtrusted colleagues need your assistance in thetransfer of us $ 21 . 8 million into any reliableaccountyou may nominate overseas . this fund was generated from over - invoicing ofcontracts executed by the ptf under our control andsupervision . this fund is now ready to be remittedinto any account we put forward for that purpose . whatwe want from you is a good and reliable company orpersonal account into which we shall transfer thisfund . details should include the following : 1 . name of company , address your private telephone fax number . 2 . name of bank address of bank . 3 . account number 4 . beneficiary nameupon receipt of your company bank particulars , anapplication shall be made in your name to the centralbank of nigeria for the approval of the remittance ofthe funds which shall be by swift ( ) copies of the approval and other relevantdocuments shall be faxed to you for yourperusal . please treat as strictly confidential forobvious reasons . the fund will be shared as follows : 1 . 30 % for your assistance 2 . 60 % for myself my colleagues 3 . 10 % forcontingency expenseswe wish to assure you that your involvement should youdecide to assist us , will be well protected , and also , this business , proposal is 100 % risk free as theremittance will be made through the legal procedures . note : your discussions regarding this transactionshould be limited because we are still in governmentservice . we intend to retire peacefully at the end ofthis transaction . let honesty and trust be ourwatchword throughout this transaction and your promptreply will be highly appreciated . thank you for your anticipated cooperation while welook forward to a mutuallybenefiting business relationship with you . best regards . dr . john okoliereply true this 1 @ yahoo . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio = wanp & cod = dgo 44