Subject: new orleans food wine
the most amazing collection of once in - the - year , once - in - a - lifetime travel programs .
maupintour offers over 50 years experience providing award - winning worldwide vacations .
ov ] \
new orleans wine food experience
7 day independent tour
may 25
from $ 2349
per person / land only
welcome to the new orleans wine food experience ! it ' s the time of the year when restaurants and extraordinarily talented chefs put out their best dishes and over 250 world - renowned wineries are represented . guests are in for an exceptional treat .
inclusions :
highlights :
roundtrip airport / hotel transfers
6 nights at the royal sonesta hotel in new orleans
6 breakfasts , 3 lunches , 1 dinner
take a guided city tour of
new orleans
enjoy a walking tour of the
garden district
visit laura plantation and
oak alley plantation
explore mardi gras world
take a jazz cruise on the
natchez steamboat
enjoy a cooking class at new orleans cooking school
take a haunted history tour of
new orleans
special features :
attend new orleans ' wine food experience events , including the royal street experience , the grand tasting , brunch at the omni royal orleans and numerous opportunities to sample local cuisine .
for information and bookings call
800 - 255 - 4266
www . maupintour . com
also ask about gutsy
women travel .
offering domestic and international getaways designed specifically for women
to rejuvenate the mind , body and spirit .
cst # 2019396 - 40
we have pdf versions of our brochures
on - line . to download them use the links below .
customer support :
maupintour , llc .
10650 w . charleston blvd .
suite 130
las vegas , nv 89135
send questions or comments regarding tours or this
newsletter
to : info @ maupintour . com
immarketing is not responsible for third party offers , services or
products and makes no representations or warranties regarding them .
if you are not interested in further offers from our international travel list ,
please click here .
immarketing llc , 10650 w . charleston blvd . , las vegas , nv , 89135
