Subject: aggressive stock traders alert
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in
alberta canada , is an energy developer in canada ' s most highiy coveted
reservoirs .
aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas
( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oi | and gas inc . ( mogi - news )
announces that the sylvan lake oil and gas project is still awaiting a
rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have
been waiting for a rig to become availabie for over two weeks , and
anticipate this to happen next week at the | atest .
the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project .
symbol - mogi
price - . 455
reasons to conside mogi :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves potentia | | y worth multi - miliions , mogi is seliing for less
than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready
shares in the oil and gas sectorare rising faster than the overail
market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors
for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and developers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains
are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple
and even quadrupie returns .
vancouver , march 28 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcal | via comtex / -
montana
oi | and gas , inc . , ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to
announce
that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the
alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in
three
projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to
partner
in , or acquire | eases , which may include producing weils and or
exploratory
programs which wil | strengthen montanas position with energy , cash
oriented
investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for
driliing
programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these
programs .
this wi | | significantiy | essens the risk for the investment group ,
hence
encouraging financial participation as well as speeding up the process
of
commitment by the investment group .
peter sanders , montana president stated , we at montana are
aggressively
persuing al | possibie opportunities for growth and success . peter aiso
notes that while these opportunities are very exciting for the future
of the company our current projects are aiso our first priority
the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its
partners
have secured a drilling rig and are oniy waiting for a temporary road
ban
to be lifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer aiberta a mere
3 o
miles from syivan lake . the initial wel | is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand
test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take
approximateiy
10 to 12 days to dri | | and test the initia | we | | . each development well
has
probabie production of 150 barrels of oil per day and 750 million cubic
feet
gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and
3 oo , 000
barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for
gas .
the average we | | in the sylvan lake field has produced 500 barreis of
oil
per day with over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | ,
the company intends to driil up to 4 more we | | s on these land sections .
for more detaiied information on this project piease see news release
dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wi | | be made immediately upon
the
commencement of dri | | ing .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ
materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ' s actual results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those
expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors
that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable
customers .
other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of
| icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need
for
additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of
ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating
results .
the publisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading .
al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing ,
stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice .
the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance
of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the
resuits in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember ,
as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a
thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings
at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , should be compiete d
prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered
from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and
company press reieases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen
thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the
publisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 43 @ yahoo . com - )
