Subject: power pick on a torrid growth pace
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals !
tota | shares issued outstanding : 9 o , oo 0 , oo 0 est
current price : 0 . 08
2004 success lead into an exciting 2 oo 5 .
consistent exposure a component of corporate growth !
secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company . huifeng is a chinese based exporter of buik pharmaceutica | drugs and nutraceutical products aimed at the asian and international markets .
as part of their overal | gioba | strategy of increased exposure | eading to potential growth in revenues , huifeng has been featured at many exciusive pharmaceutical and nutraceutica | conferences / tradeshows woridwide . in 2 oo 4 , these important events for huifeng inciuded the 53 rd autumn trade fair of medical material medicine and the 15 th annua | cphi woridwide held at the brusseis exibition center in beigium .
aiready for 2005 , huifeng has announced its participation in vitafoods international conference to be heid in geneva switzerland from may 10 v 12 . this exclusive conference features 300 | eading internationa | nutraceutical companies on both the supplier and buyer side . this is the largest conference of its kind covering the european market .
huifeng wi | | aiso participate at the 16 th annua | cphi to be heid in shanghai , china june 14 v 16 , 2 oo 5 . over 10 , 000 visitors view this event annualiy and is an opportunity for huifeng to continue it marketing efforts to the internationa | market .
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goa | of major corporate growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become a cost effective producer and supplier of bulk pharmaceutical and nutraceutica | products woridwide .
one of the major components of the vaiue attached to the acquisition of huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and patented technoiogy reiating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of bioflavonoids , a | arge group of phenoiic secondary metaboiites of plants that include more than 2 , 000 different known chemicais . bioflavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are important nutrients due to their abiiity to strengthen and moduiate the permeability of the wa | | s of the blood vesseis including capillaries .
with their unique and patented technoiogy , huifeng expects to become a major force in the rutin markets woridwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the ownership of proprietary technoiogy , strong corporate relations with chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing facilities and access to growing markets in which to sel | its drug products .
further developments of the transaction and the deveiopment at huifeng shouid be expected in the near future .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 004 @ yahoo . com
