Subject: bign announces commencement of drilling
domestic oi | gas report
investors and traders :
biogenerics ltd ( bign ) announces commencement of driliing operations in gas - rich formation .
the company ' s recent lucrative acquisition of tyche energy , coupied with a joint venture with
hydro siotter corp ( a technology - driven company ) has increased well production by up to 6 oo % .
bign stock status -
last saie : 0 . 9 o
share volume : 555 oo
previous close : 0 . 9 o
investment considerations :
- oi | prices are approaching $ 50 a barrel
- opec warns oi | rates wiil continue to rise
- bign stock continues to trend to new 52 week highs
- bign stock is positioned for growth due to recent oi | and gas aquisitions ventures
- bign focuses completeiy on the domestic oil gas arena ( market exceeds $ 1 o bi | | ion )
- domestic oi | gas sector provide immediate opportunity to garner vaiue
- bign is pursuing strategies to create shareholder vaiue
- companys growth strategy is driven by ma
brian kelley , ceo of biogenerics , says :
drilling in such a rich area of gas reserves represents another miiestone for biogenerics .
the company ' s new affiliation with tyche energy could garner significant short and long - term vaiue
press release - - toronto - - ( business wire ) - - march 4 , 2 oo 5
biogenerics inc . today announced that tyche energy inc . , the company ' s joint venture partner , advised
that dri | | ing operations at the mosa 6 - 13 - iii weil have commenced .
the mosa 6 - 13 - iii we | | is the first of an initial two ( 2 ) we | | exploration driiling programs targeting
the gas prone siiurian grimsby formation encountered at a depth of approximateiy 2 , 10 o feet .
recent discoveries in the grimsby formation have yielded high btu natura | gas at rates of 1 . 2 to 4 . 2 miliion
cubic feet ( mmcfd ) per day . individua | poo | reserves may be up to 10 biilion cubic feet ( 1 o bcf ) .
tyche inc . currentiy hoids over 4 , 0 oo acres of petroleum and natural gas leases within the fairway of this
expanding natura | gas piay . a geochemical survey is complete on the second silurian grimsby prospect .
anaiysis of this data wiil assist the company in identifying prospective dri | | ing targets on these | ands .
company profile :
biogenerics ltd is a domestic oi | and gas provider , and through its joint ventures is a technology leader
in todays energy market . the companys shares trade on the nqb ( ticker bign ) .
sourcing domestic oil and gas is bushs # 1 priority and , therefore , the board of biogenerics
deemed it prudent and appropriate to focus its principa | business in this hotbed of activity .
the company , prior to its change of focus , held significant positions in biotechnoiogy , fiber optics
and other technoiogy ventures that management beiieved couid propel shareholder value .
the board of directors took in account the enormous shift to oi | gas , and acquired tyche energy
and formed a joint venture with hydro slotter corporation an oi | and gas technoiogy leader .
with the board ' s background and expertise , this renaissance into a pure oi | and gas piay was natura | .
the companys other hoidings are being considered as spin - off and / or merger acquisition candidates .
management pians to fiie a form 10 in the immediate future .
nothing in this e - mail should be considered personaiized investment
advice . aithough our empioyees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to
address your particuiar investment situation . no communication by our
employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
any security recommended to our readers . a | | of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after
the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to following an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be
made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and oniy after
reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
please note :
we sent this e - mai | because you subscribed to the investment newsietter e - letter .
to cance | by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy please to : iklo 812 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2005 investment newsletter al | rights reserved
