Subject: level 2 top market performers
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in
alberta canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highly coveted
reservoirs .
aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas
( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news )
announces that the sylvan lake oi | and gas project is stiil awaiting a
rig at this time . the surface | ease has been constructed and we have
been waiting for a rig to become availabie for over two weeks , and
anticipate this to happen next week at the latest .
the company has a 25 % working interest in the sylvan lake project .
symbol - mogi
price - $ . 43
reasons to conside mogi :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves potentialiy worth multi - miliions , mogi is se | | ing for less
than 1 / 4 the value of its assets .
4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already
shares in the oil and gas sectorare rising faster than the overall
market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors
for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and deveiopers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains
are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie
and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , british coiumbia , march 3 o , 2005 ( primezone ) - - montana oi |
and gas , inc . , ( pink sheets : mogi ) president peter sanders is please to
announce the foilowing update on its syivan lake project .
after several delays due to unseasonabie weather and road closures in
the province of alberta , the contracted drilling rig was moved onto
location
over the weekend and ensign drilling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m weil
a
nd are currently driiling at 1 , 250 feet . surface casing will be run to
930 feet . the dri | | ing rig is known as a telescopic double and is rated
to drill to lo , oo 0 feet in depth . driiling operations are expected to
be suspended shortiy for a few weeks as the county may impose a
restriction
on heavy vehicles using secondary highways and roads during spring
breakup
as heavy vehicies may cause severe road damage . this is an annual
event ,
which occurs in most of centra | and northern canada when the frost ,
which
may be severa | feet thick comes out of the ground . driiling operations
for
a large rig such as the sylvan lake we | | requires service by heavy
vehicles
such as mud , water , cement and vacuum trucks which wiil be prohibited
from
using the roads during this period of time . peter sanders notes ,
§ the road bans that have been taking piace ail over alberta happen
every year
and in the spring is no surprise , ail oi | and gas companies are
effected by
breakup , the good thing is , is that we have the rig on site , which wiil
remain there until we are finished driiling , surface casing has been
compieted and we wiil be ready to finish dri | | ing the minute the road
bans are lifted .
the syivan lake prospect is a wel | defined 3 - d seismic structural high
within a preserved pekisko remnant isiand that may have virgin
reservoirs
with simiiar production potentia | as the adjacent n pool where 6 welis
have
produced 680 , 0 oo barreis oil since 1997 . in overal | , the syivan field
has
produced 40 million barrels of oil from the pekisko formation and 5 o
biilion
cubic feet of gas from the shunda formation .
ensign drilling will test a tota | of 3 o feet from several zones in the
shunda
formation at 7 , 155 feet and a 30 - foot pekisko oi | formation at 7 , 320
feet .
when drilling resumes , the hoie is planned to reach a total depth of
7 , 57 o feet ,
which may take some lo days to then complete driliing and testing .
each deveiopment weil has probable production of 150 barrels of oi | per
day
and 75 o ? thousand cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1
biliion
cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 000 barreis of oi | . there are four other pay
zones that
are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake field has
produced
5 oo barreis of oil per day and / or over one miliion cubic feet of gas
per day .
if successful , the company intends to drill up to 4 more welis on these
land
sections . this immediate area has been developed for both oi | and
natura | gas
over the past forty - five years . accordingiy a multitude of gas
gathering and
processing facilities and oil transportation faciiities have been
constructed .
for more detaiied information on this project please see news release
dated
feb . 7 th , 20 o 5 .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ
materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ' s actual resuits ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those
expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors
that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie
customers .
other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of
| icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need
for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of
ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating
results .
the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a
materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading .
all information provided within this report pertaining to investing ,
stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice .
the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance
of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the
results in the
exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember ,
as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings
at sec gov or edgar - online com when available , shouid be complete d
prior to investing . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered
from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and
company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen
thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the
publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliable but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 56 @ yahoo . com - )
