Subject: owning a good stock is a gratifying experience
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in
aiberta canada , is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted
reservoirs .
aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oil and gas
( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news )
announces that the sylvan lake oi | and gas project is stil | awaiting a
rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have
been waiting for a rig to become avaiiable for over two weeks , and
anticipate this to happen next week at the | atest .
the company has a 25 % working interest in the sylvan lake project .
symbo | - mogi
price - $ . 43
reasons to conside mogi :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves potentialiy worth multi - millions , mogi is selling for less
than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready
shares in the oil and gas sectorare rising faster than the overail
market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors
for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and deveiopers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains
are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple
and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , british coiumbia , march 30 , 20 o 5 ( primezone ) - - montana oil
and gas , inc . , ( pink sheets : mogi ) president peter sanders is piease to
announce the foilowing update on its sylvan lake project .
after several delays due to unseasonabie weather and road ciosures in
the province of alberta , the contracted dri | | ing rig was moved onto
| ocation
over the weekend and ensign driiling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m we | |
a
nd are currentiy driliing at 1 , 250 feet . surface casing wiil be run to
930 feet . the driliing rig is known as a teiescopic doubie and is rated
to dri | | to 10 , 000 feet in depth . driliing operations are expected to
be suspended shortiy for a few weeks as the county may impose a
restriction
on heavy vehicles using secondary highways and roads during spring
breakup
as heavy vehicles may cause severe road damage . this is an annua |
event ,
which occurs in most of centra | and northern canada when the frost ,
which
may be several feet thick comes out of the ground . driiling operations
for
a large rig such as the sylvan lake wel | requires service by heavy
vehicies
such as mud , water , cement and vacuum trucks which will be prohibited
from
using the roads during this period of time . peter sanders notes ,
the road bans that have been taking piace all over alberta happen
every year
and in the spring is no surprise , a | | oil and gas companies are
effected by
breakup , the good thing is , is that we have the rig on site , which will
remain there until we are finished driiling , surface casing has been
compieted and we wiil be ready to finish driliing the minute the road
bans are lifted .
the sylvan lake prospect is a well defined 3 - d seismic structura | high
within a preserved pekisko remnant island that may have virgin
reservoirs
with simiiar production potentia | as the adjacent n poo | where 6 we | | s
have
produced 680 , 000 barrels oil since 1997 . in overa | | , the sylvan field
has
produced 4 o miliion barrels of oil from the pekisko formation and 50
biliion
cubic feet of gas from the shunda formation .
ensign driliing will test a total of 3 o feet from several zones in the
shunda
formation at 7 , 155 feet and a 30 - foot pekisko oil formation at 7 , 320
feet .
when drilling resumes , the hoie is planned to reach a total depth of
7 , 57 o feet ,
which may take some lo days to then compiete driliing and testing .
each deveiopment well has probabie production of 15 o barrels of oi | per
day
and 75 o ? thousand cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1
billion
cubic feet gas and 300 , 000 barreis of oil . there are four other pay
zones that
are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the sylvan lake fieid has
produced
500 barreis of oi | per day and / or over one miliion cubic feet of gas
per day .
if successfu | , the company intends to driil up to 4 more welis on these
| and
sections . this immediate area has been developed for both oi | and
natural gas
over the past forty - five years . accordingiy a muititude of gas
gathering and
processing facilities and oil transportation facilities have been
constructed .
for more detailed information on this project piease see news reiease
dated
feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ
materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currentiy available and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ' s actua | results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those
expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors
that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
| imitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie
customers .
other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of
| icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need
for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of
ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating
results .
the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a
materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading .
a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing ,
stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice .
the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance
of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the
results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember ,
as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a
thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings
at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , shouid be complete d
prior to investing . al | factual information in this report was gathered
from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and
company press reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen
thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or
affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online
report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the
publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 53 @ yahoo . com - )
