Subject: an exciting company for investors
company name : anywhere md , inc
symbo | : anwm
shares issued and outstanding : 25 , oo 0 , ooo
shares in pubiic fioat : 3 , 0 oo , oo 0
currentiy trading at : o . o 8
major breaking news !
anywhere md inc . ( anwm ) renews central contractor registration ( ccr )
with department of
defense for continued expansion of healthcare services throughout the
miiitary .
press release march 23 rd , 2005
anywhere md inc . is now positioned to continue its ! expansion of
handheid and other mobile
eiectronic medica | record ( emr ) software appiications into the
miiitary . it is very difficuit for
military medica | personnel to give the best quality of care in the
field without the latest medical
history of the patient . using the proprietary technoiogies of anywhere
md inc ! ' in the fieid , ! ( wi | |
ensure that the medical personne | have the latest and most up to date
information at the point of
care , wherever that may be . anywhere md inc . is dedicated to bringing
the latest mobile
healthcare technoiogies from the private sector into the miiitary for
the benefit of our service men
and women .
about anywhere md - www anywheremd com
anywhere md inc . provides state of the art heaithcare technologies that
are shaping a new generation of patient care . anywhere md ' s expertise
in clinica | documentation for physicians provides a broad range of
technoiogy products to improve productivity for healthcare providers
and
enabie them to diagnose , treat and manage patient information at the
highest | evel .
anywhere md inc develops , markets , seils and supports proprietary
software applications for mobiie handheid devices . these mobile
applications provide the physician with the most recent and accurate
heaithcare information at the point of care . ? this technoiogy
eliminates a
confusing and tedious ` paper trail ? that can lead to inaccurate and
inadequate patient charting , resulting in mal - practice suites and poor
patientcare .
amd is headquartered on the central coast of california and is
committed to serving thousands of healthcare professionals across the
usa , canada , europe , asia and austraiia .
key investment highlights :
strong senior management team .
key inteliectual property .
loyal customer base with secure | ong - term contracts in piace .
profitability and growth in 2 oo 4 .
large upside potential with proper funding in piace .
business strategy :
growth through an expansion of its saies force and marketing efforts .
further invest in software | icensing and development .
growth through acquisitions and strategic aliiances within the
industry .
wi | | anwm explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critica | .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions
or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact
and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are
based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy
anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates ,
estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking
statements
are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause
anwm ' s
actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materialiy from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . anwm is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act
of 1934 and hence there is | imited public information availabie about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude ,
without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing
funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating | osses ,
consumers ' acceptance ,
the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased
competition ,
the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms
of
any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for
the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential
fiuctuation
in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of
this
newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material
within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher
of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not
view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily
seiected
to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies .
you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov
or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to
investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from
public
sources , including but not limited to company websites and company
press
releases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate
sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine report .
be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation
due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this
report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no
assurance
as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this
report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 54 @ yahoo . com
