Subject: surprise
skylink lottery international - promotional program
address : daalwijk 813 , 1102 aa , amsterdam , netherlands .
ref : sli / pp 2005 - 01 a
batch : 5300 / p 25 / fc
dear sir / madam ,
results for category a draws
congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the
category a draws of skylink lottery program .
we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first
category , which is part of our promotional draws .
the draws were held on the 5 th april 2005 . participants were selected
through a computer ballot system drawn from
4 , 000 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa ,
america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east ,
and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your
company , attached to ticket number 05 - 765204 ac ,
with serial number 90 - 77 drew the lucky numbers 29 , 41 , 20 , 39 , 48 , and
consequently won in the category a .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 500 , 000 ( 0 ne
million five hundred thousand united state dollars )
in cash , which is the winning payout for category a winners . this is from
the total prize shared among the 5 international winners in this category .
your funds are now deposited with a reputable finance firm in the
netherlands insured with your file reference number .
in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any
kind , we request that you keep the entire details
of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring
your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account .
this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or
unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program .
this lottery program was organized by our group of philanthropist promoted
and sponsored by mr . bill gates of microsoft inc ,
eminent personalities like the sultan of brunei , multi choice and other
corporate organizations . this lottery program was organized to improving the
use of
computer software and for the benefit of every microsoft user .
to begin your claim , please contact your file processing officer .
mr paul kluivert
of skylink lottery international
email : skylink @ mycity . com
tel : + 31 649 218 234
kind regards ,
mrs briggs sintei
director of promotional program
