Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off
rochester , ny , apr 11 , 2005 ( m 2 presswire via comtex ) - - otcstockexchange . coms
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 24
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
full - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will supply
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annualiy for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of
reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifil | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as wel | as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , 000 welis produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 67 @ yahoo . com
