Subject: upside pressure signals institutional interest
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ 0 . 15
watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been
rea | | y moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
the past months have seen yap international executing on its pian to
become a leading supplier of voip technology including the fo | | owing
milestones :
on november 17 , 20 o 4 , yap international revealed a unique and patent
pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international
personal gateway . the yap internationa | personal gateway ( the nomad )
is a patent - pending soiution to a real problem that is inherent in
ail current and competing voip gateways . the probiem is the end user
is limited to the physica | location of the gateway in order to make
a voip cal | . the nomads unique and patent pending technology aliows
the customer to make voip - enabied calis from any telephone , not just
one physica | | y connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer
may call their persona | gateway from any celiular or | andiine push
button phone in the worid , ( or even through their laptop or pda ) ,
connecting to the internet for voip cail savings and other online
information services , bypassing either partialiy or entirely the
high cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent
telecommunication providers .
on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap international announced its first major
contract involving the use of its technology products . yap
international
announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones
gorbea , s . a . as the companys distributor for voip products and
services
in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has
a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive
contractua |
agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo
voip
units to be depioyed throughout guatemala in 20 o 5 . the contract
represents
in excess of $ 52 miilion usd and yap internationa | expects that its
products will comprise the | argest share of the order . rgsa is also the
exclusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management
team ,
yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov ,
ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov
earned
his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of
science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the
physics of eiectro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors
respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov is diverse background aiso inciudes direct
involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems ,
many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such
system
was the first celluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk ,
russia
which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with milliken gmbh
of
germany and radio telephone inc . of russia .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the
developments
of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and
market our products on a gioba | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be
met
and thus executing our business plan as anticipated , stated jan
olivier ,
ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company
developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over
internet
protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to
a
revoiutionary voip product | ine calied nomad systems that has dia | - up ,
broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite and wireless capabilities . the company
plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which
are
interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their
marketpiace , 2 ) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us
or
european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number
ringing
in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a
more
economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means
of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
relatives
in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas
with
administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies ,
san francisco and newport beach caiifornia .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi |
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on
information currentiy available and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actua | results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those
expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors
that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie
customers .
other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of licensed
technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possibie voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating
results .
the publisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this
message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information
provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this
stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative
of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a
review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when
availabie , shouid be completed prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate
sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be
aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the
pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the
material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 62 @ yahoo . com
