Subject: profit from unparalleled investment research
stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : . 225
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miliion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wiil suppiy
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annuaily for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifil | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 000 we | | s produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 63 @ yahoo . com
