Subject: picks so hot you ' ll tell your friends
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : . 225
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
ful | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wil | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miliion in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | suppiy
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of eiectricity annuaily for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
electricity and offset neariy 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossi | fue | sites , as well as clean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are | ocated 45 miies apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , 000 weils produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 63 @ yahoo . com
