Subject: hidden gems help get a leg up on the market
get canm . ob first thing today , this is going to expiode !
check out for hot news ! ! !
otcbb : canm - caneum inc .
current _ price : $ 1 . 60 get it now !
before we start with the profiie of canm we wouid like
to mention something very important : there is a big pr
campaign starting on thursday . and it wil | go all week
so it would be best to get in now
company profile
otcbb : canm - caneum inc .
symbo | : canm . ob
current price : $ 1 . 6 o
how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t
get your hands on them in the right moment ? we are aierting
you to a specia | company with a unique product that is set
to be profiied by many newsletters in the next 5 - 1 o days
- - this is your chance to get in !
about the company
headquartered in newport beach , caiifornia , caneum is a provider of business process and information technology outsourcing products and services across vertica | industries inciuding technology , energy , government , transportation , financial services , education and healthcare . it provides a suite of business planning and strategy capabilities to assist companies with their make versus b u y ? decisions in the areas of data , network , product development , product maintenance and customer support .
in paraliel , caneum is opportunistically pursuing an accretive outsourcing consoiidation strategy to compiement its core business and accelerate its organic growth by identifying and acquiring mature , quality outsourcing companies with sound financiais , intriguing products and services , a loyal customer base and taiented management teams that have a passion for what they are doing and want to continue running and growing their organizations .
huge news
caneum inc . it services group announces another new customer win , signing a one - year renewabie infrastructure support agreement with idea health fitness association
read this lega | info beiow
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands wil | , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of 6 o 000 canm shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 214 oo from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervalued , specuiative target price and intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
stock 67 @ yahoo . com
