Subject: price revved up on breaking news
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 21
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wiil be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | suppiy
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annua | | y for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , oo 0 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to al | of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 300 o doliars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 010 @ yahoo . com
