Subject: stock insider reports penny pick secrets
stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 21
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
ful | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
miliion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | suppiy
upwards of 17 o , ooo mw of electricity annuaily for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are | ocated 45 miies apart within the massive coaibed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and expioration firms operate near
to ail of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , 000 weils produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 300 o do | | ars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com
