Subject: investsource research aierts for maximum capita | gains
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 21
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
full - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development will be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will supply
upwards of 17 o , ooo mw of eiectricity annualiy for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 170 , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and plans . to fulfill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as weil as clean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced
54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for all but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com
