Subject: sales and earnings correlate perfectly for market leader
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 21
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
ful | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wi | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | supply
upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annually for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 17 o , oo 0 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossi | fuel sites , as well as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to al | of these properties ; they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , ooo we | | s produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com
