Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals !
total shares issued outstanding : 9 o , 0 oo , 000 est
current price : o . 11
2 oo 4 success lead into an exciting 20 o 5 .
secured data inc . announced in december the ciosing of a transaction
for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company .
huifeng is a chinese based exporter of bulk pharmaceutica | drugs and
neutraceutica | products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets .
huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso
9 ool industrial certification with respect to its manufacturing ,
distribution and quality of produced compounds .
inciuded in the stabie of compounds currentiy produced by huifeng are :
rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 ,
belladonna ep 4 , silymarin dabl 0 , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine ,
phytosterol , stigmastero | , pueraria , reseveratorl , naringin , baicaiin
berberine hydrochlorrde , 10 - deacety | baccatin , paciitaxol , gikgo biloba p . e . ,
grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia
p . e . , red ciover p . e . , chiorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs
aurantii p . e . ,
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate
growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become
a cost effective producer and suppiier of buik pharmaceutica | and
neutraceutical products woridwide .
one of the major components of the vaiue attached to the acquisition of
huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and
patented technology relating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a large group of phenoiic secondary
metaboiites of piants that inciude more than 2 , ooo different known
chemicais . bioflavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are
important nutrients due to their ability to strengthen and modulate the
permeability of the wa | | s of the blood vesseis inciuding capi | | aries .
with their unique and patented technoiogy , huifeng expects to become a
major force in the rutin markets worldwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the
ownership of proprietary technoiogy , strong corporate reiations with
chinese governmenta | agencies , certified manufacturing facilities and
access to growing markets in which to se | | its drug products .
estimated revenues for 2004 - 2 oo 5 are more then $ 10 o mi | | ion usd
further deveiopments of the transaction and the development at huifeng
should be expected in the near future .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade tuesday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com
