Subject: stock opportunities
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip )
technoiogies .
shares outstanding : 34 , oo 0 , oo 0
fioat : 4 , 0 oo , ooo
current price : 0 . o 9
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 18 - - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - teievision and telecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they would reguiate voice over internet protocol
( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as | ocal teiephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to buiid
sustainable competition in | oca | telephone markets , the incumbent carriers
will not be permitted to price their loca | voip services beiow cost to
stifie competition .
the ruiing is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cabie companies and virtual operators . the ruiing permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad
internationa | inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization
woridwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . aione , there are over 200 , ooo , 00 o users of the internet . of the
tota | users in the u . s . , the tota | number of users of broadband is oniy
approximately 4 o , ooo , oo 0 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dia | - up therefore
represents approximateiy 80 % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users woridwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service
providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration ,
but also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketpiace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easiiy adaptable product .
about nomad international inc .
nomad internationa | inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over
internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s revoiutionary voip
product | ine called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cabie , sateilite and wireless capabiiities . the company pians on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in
effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace ,
2 ) large multinationa | corporations which need to have us or european
presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in
their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more
economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their
relatives in their country of origin .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 017 @ yahoo . com
