Subject: please i need your help
dear friend ,
i wish to begin by way of introduction . i am nicholas
chihuri the
first and only surviving son of late martins chihuri ,
policticain and one of
the foremost and rich black farmers in zimbabwe recently
murdered in the land
dispute in my country .
before the death of my father , he had taken me to
johannesburg - south africa ,
to deposit the sum of us $ 25 . 5 million ( twenty five million
five hundred
thousand united states dollars ) in one of the private
security company that
is an affiliated company with a diplomatic security firm
in europe were the
funds is right now , as family valuables , when he realized
the looming danger
in zimbabwe .
this amount was meant for the purchase of new machineries
and chemicals for
the farms and also for the establishment of new farms in
swaziland .
this land dispute started when president robert mugabe
introduced a
new land reform , which was particularly targeted at the
rich white
farmers and a few black farmers ( my father included )
against his regime as
the president of zimbabwe . this resulted in the gruesome
killing of rich
farmers ( mainly whites ) and the
unlawful possession of their properties by mugabes war
veterans , under the
disguise of fighting for the interest of the country .
it is against this background that i fled the country
with my family to
europe , london uk , where we are currently seeking asylum .
i have decided to
seek foreign partner assistance , and the country law
prohibits asylum
seekers from operating bank accounts or involve in
financial transaction of
any kind , hence this letter to you .
all i need is your trustworthiness to be able to entrust
the above
said amount and help me with investment opportunities . my
family
survival depends on this money as we have virtually
lost all our assets .
there are two options , firstly you can choose to
accept 30 % of the total amount for your assistance or go
into
partnership for the proper investment of the money in
your country . we shall
discuss in detail the modalities involved when you reply
providing me with
your telephone fax numbers .
i await your reply through the above contact e - mail , while
i implore
you to maintain the absolute secrecy required to ensure a
safe and hitch
free transaction . i shall furnish you with more details on
request .
yours truly ,
nicholas chihuri
