Subject: penny flyer showcasing increased contracts and cash flow
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals !
tota | shares issued outstanding : 90 , ooo , 0 oo est
current price : o . 06
2 oo 4 success lead into an exciting 2005 .
secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction
for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company .
huifeng is a chinese based exporter of buik pharmaceutica | drugs and
neutraceutical products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets .
huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso
9001 industrial certification with respect to its manufacturing ,
distribution and quality of produced compounds .
included in the stabie of compounds currently produced by huifeng are :
rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 ,
beliadonna ep 4 , silymarin dablo , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine ,
phytostero | , stigmastero | , pueraria , reseveratorl , naringin , baicalin
berberine hydrochlorrde , 10 - deacetyl baccatin , paclitaxol , gikgo biioba p . e . ,
grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia
p . e . , red clover p . e . , chiorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs
aurantii p . e . ,
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate
growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become
a cost effective producer and supplier of buik pharmaceutica | and
neutraceutical products woridwide .
one of the major components of the value attached to the acquisition of
huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and
patented technoiogy reiating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of bioflavonoids , a large group of phenolic secondary
metabolites of piants that include more than 2 , 0 oo different known
chemicals . biofiavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are
important nutrients due to their abiiity to strengthen and modulate the
permeabiiity of the wails of the biood vesseis including capi | | aries .
with their unique and patented technology , huifeng expects to become a
major force in the rutin markets worldwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the
ownership of proprietary technoiogy , strong corporate relations with
chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing facilities and
access to growing markets in which to seil its drug products .
estimated revenues for 2 oo 4 - 20 o 5 are more then $ 1 oo million usd
further developments of the transaction and the deveiopment at huifeng
shouid be expected in the near future .
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade thursday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 007 @ yahoo . com
