Subject: sales and earnings correlate perfectly for market leader
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 18
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
million in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | suppiy
upwards of 17 o , ooo mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o million for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossil fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and expioration firms operate near
to ail of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 000 wells produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 005 @ yahoo . com
