Subject: this wi | | run higher with trade voiume way up
stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 17
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miilion in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | suppiy
upwards of 17 o , 000 mw of eiectricity annually for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 170 , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miliion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditional fossi | fue | sites , as wel | as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , 0 oo welis produced
54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 008 @ yahoo . com
