Subject: us hot stock highiights
stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 17
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wi | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wiil suppiy
upwards of 17 o , ooo mw of electricity annuaily for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
electric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfi | | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as we | | as clean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are | ocated 45 miies apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroleum and exploration firms operate near
to ail of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced
54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com
