Subject: l . a times : laser toner market in 2005
attention investors and traders :
stock alert -
updated : 4 / 22 / 05 09 : 23 am est
adsero corp ( adso ) is a leader in the printer cartridge recharger industry .
the recent acquisition of teckn - 0 - laser global inc - one of north america ' s leaders in the cartridge
remanufacturing industry , stations adsero corp in the forefront of this growing and lucrative market .
adso stock status -
last sale : 1 . 0 o
52 wk range : 1 . 20 - 2 . 10
investment considerations :
- profitable , with quarter over quarter growth
- acquisition of teckn - 0 - laser global inc with $ 30 m in sales
- for three years , teckn - 0 - laser was named one of canadas 50 best managed private companies
- domestic us market is estimated to be in excess of $ 9 billion by 20 o 6
- global market is estimated to be in excess of $ 25 billion
company profile :
adsero corp . is a rapidly expanding company focusing on the printer cartridge recharger
industry , with specific emphasis on laser toner , and to a lesser extent ink jet cartridges .
the recharger industry can be defined by printer cartridges where many of their components can
be reused , remanufactured or recycled , then marketed back to consumers at substantially lower
prices than a new cartridge while still generating high margins for the company .
aderso corp . seeks to consolidate well - managed and profitable companies which address the highly
lucrative recharger segment .
recharger industry profile :
total market is estimated to be in excess of $ 25 billion globally
specific specialization will be in the cartridge recharger industry . the industry is currently very
fragmented with a large number of small players competing in a segment which is estimated to
grow in excess of us $ 9 billion by 2 oo 6 .
in order to compete , players will need to achieve economies of scale and develop expanded sales
channels . adsero corp . will focus on consolidating this industry to become the dominant player .
conclusion :
aderso corp . is an attractive investment to small cap investors as it addresses a growing and very
lucrative niche , has established multi - million dollar revenues , profitability , and all this while
helping to save the environment through adsero ' s conscientious remanufacturing program .
as a serious player in the cartridge aftermarket , industry , adsero corp . has demonstrated that it
has not only the technology , but also the strategic alliances , customers and record breaking
revenues to indicate that adsero is truly on its way to becoming the dominant player in this industry .
this e - mail is sent for the sole attention of the identified addressee and its contents
are provided for information purposes only . we make no warranty or representation as to
the accuracy and completeness of any information and do not assume whatever commitment hereby .
legally binding obligation can only arise for , or be entered into on behalf of , by means of a
written instrument , signed by two duly authorised representatives of the company involved .
we exclude any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from the use ,
or reliance on , this e - mail or its contents .
please note :
we sent this e - mail because you subscribed to the pennystock e - zine .
to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply please to :
astock 2005 @ hotmail . com
( c ) 20 o 5 pennystock e - zine all rights reserved
