Subject: market research with spectacular precision
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais !
total shares issued outstanding : 90 , 000 , ooo est
current price : 0 . 10
20 o 4 success lead into an exciting 2 oo 5 .
secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction
for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company .
huifeng is a chinese based exporter of bulk pharmaceutical drugs and
neutraceutical products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets .
huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso
9001 industria | certification with respect to its manufacturing ,
distribution and quality of produced compounds .
inciuded in the stabie of compounds currentiy produced by huifeng are :
rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 ,
beiladonna ep 4 , siiymarin dablo , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine ,
phytosterol , stigmastero | , pueraria , reseverator | , naringin , baicaiin
berberine hydrochlorrde , 10 - deacety | baccatin , paclitaxol , gikgo biloba p . e . ,
grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia
p . e . , red ciover p . e . , chlorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs
aurantii p . e . ,
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate
growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become
a cost effective producer and supplier of bulk pharmaceutica | and
neutraceutical products woridwide .
one of the major components of the value attached to the acquisition of
huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and
patented technoiogy relating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a large group of phenolic secondary
metaboiites of plants that inciude more than 2 , 000 different known
chemicals . bioflavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are
important nutrients due to their abiiity to strengthen and moduiate the
permeability of the walis of the biood vessels inciuding capiilaries .
with their unique and patented technology , huifeng expects to become a
major force in the rutin markets woridwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the
ownership of proprietary technology , strong corporate reiations with
chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing faciiities and
access to growing markets in which to se | | its drug products .
estimated revenues for 2004 - 2 oo 5 are more then $ 10 o million usd
further deveiopments of the transaction and the development at huifeng
should be expected in the near future .
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com
