Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 18
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
full - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
mi | | ion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will supply
upwards of 170 , 0 oo mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
deveiopment of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , ooo welis produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 003 @ yahoo . com
