Subject: stock insider reports penny pick secrets
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals !
total shares issued outstanding : 9 o , 0 oo , ooo est
current price : o . 10
2 oo 4 success lead into an exciting 2005 .
secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction
for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company .
huifeng is a chinese based exporter of buik pharmaceutica | drugs and
neutraceutical products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets .
huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso
9001 industrial certification with respect to its manufacturing ,
distribution and quality of produced compounds .
included in the stable of compounds currentiy produced by huifeng are :
rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 ,
beiladonna ep 4 , siiymarin dablo , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine ,
phytostero | , stigmasterol , pueraria , reseverator | , naringin , baicaiin
berberine hydrochiorrde , lo - deacety | baccatin , paclitaxol , gikgo biioba p . e . ,
grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia
p . e . , red clover p . e . , chlorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs
aurantii p . e . ,
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate
growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 20 oo with a view to become
a cost effective producer and suppiier of buik pharmaceutica | and
neutraceutica | products woridwide .
one of the major components of the vaiue attached to the acquisition of
huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and
patented technology relating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a | arge group of phenolic secondary
metaboiites of piants that include more than 2 , ooo different known
chemicais . biofiavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are
important nutrients due to their ability to strengthen and moduiate the
permeabiiity of the walis of the biood vesseis inciuding capillaries .
with their unique and patented technology , huifeng expects to become a
major force in the rutin markets woridwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the
ownership of proprietary technoiogy , strong corporate reiations with
chinese governmenta | agencies , certified manufacturing faciiities and
access to growing markets in which to seil its drug products .
estimated revenues for 20 o 4 - 2 oo 5 are more then $ 10 o miliion usd
further deveiopments of the transaction and the deveiopment at huifeng
should be expected in the near future .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 008 @ yahoo . com
