Subject: growing company ignored by wall street
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 18
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
full - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects reiating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | suppiy
upwards of 170 , 00 o mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
electricity and offset neariy 170 , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate near
to ail of these properties ; they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 00 o wells produced
54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 009 @ yahoo . com
