Subject: high volume bounce on this stock
we are very excited about this new upcoming stock about to explode
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in
alberta canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted
reservoirs .
aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas
( mogi . pk ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news )
announces that the syivan lake oil and gas project is sti | | awaiting a
rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have
been waiting for a rig to become avaiiabie for over two weeks , and
anticipate this to happen next week at the latest .
the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project .
symbo | - mogi . pk
current price - . 29
reasons to consider mogi :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves potentialiy worth muiti - millions , mogi is seliing for less
than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready
shares in the oi | and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | |
market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors
for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains
are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie
and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , british columbia , march 30 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - montana oil
and gas , inc . , ( pink sheets : mogi ) president peter sanders is please to
announce the following update on its sylvan lake project .
after several delays due to unseasonable weather and road closures in
the province of alberta , the contracted drilling rig was moved onto
location over the weekend and ensign drilling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3
w 5 m well and are currently drilling at 1 , 250 feet . surface casing will be run
to 930 feet . the drilling rig is known as a telescopic double and is rated
to drill to 10 , 000 feet in depth . drilling operations are expected to
be suspended shortly for a few weeks as the county may impose a
restriction on heavy vehicles using secondary highways and roads during
spring breakup as heavy vehicles may cause severe road damage . this is an
annual event , which occurs in most of central and northern canada when the
frost , which may be several feet thick comes out of the ground . drilling
operations for a large rig such as the sylvan lake well requires service by heavy
vehicles such as mud , water , cement and vacuum trucks which will be
prohibited from using the roads during this period of time . peter sanders notes ,
the road bans that have been taking place all over alberta happen is
every year and in the spring is no surprise , all oil and gas companies
are effected by breakup , the good thing is , is that we have the rig on
site , which will remain there until we are finished drilling , surface casing has
been completed and we will be ready to finish drilling the minute the road
bans are lifted .
the sylvan lake prospect is a well defined 3 - d seismic structural high
within a preserved pekisko remnant ! ? ? island ! ? l that may have virgin
reservoirs with similar production potential as the adjacent n pool
where 6 wells have produced 680 , 000 barrels oil since 1997 . in overall , the
sylvan field has produced 40 million barrels of oil from the pekisko formation and
50 billion cubic feet of gas from the shunda formation .
ensign drilling will test a total of 30 feet from several zones in the
shunda formation at 7 , 155 feet and a 30 - foot pekisko oil formation at
7 , 320 feet . when drilling resumes , the hole is planned to reach a total depth
of 7 , 570 feet , which may take some 10 days to then complete drilling and
testing .
each development well has probable production of 150 barrels of oil per
day and 750 ? thousand cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of
1 billion cubic feet gas and 300 , 000 barrels of oil . there are four other
pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the sylvan lake
field has produced 500 barrels of oil per day and / or over one million cubic
feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to drill up to 4 more wells
on these land sections . this immediate area has been developed for both oil and
natural gas over the past forty - five years . accordingly a multitude of
gas gathering and processing facilities and oil transportation facilities
have been
constructed .
for more detailed information on this project please see news release
dated ( wed , mar 30 ) .
good luck and successfu | trading .
statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend
or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not
an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | |
securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand
dollars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of
this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in
this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding
investment .
