Subject: highest gains without guesswork
the oi | and gas advisory
now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bul | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us oi | belt
and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating
potentia | of millions per week .
breaking news ! ! !
vancouver , april 22 - emerson oi | and gas , inc . , announced a decision to
explore the development of driliing programs in wyoming ( usa ) , as we | |
as alberta ( canada ) , where several more very intriguing prospects , that
inciude existing production , are deveioping rapidiy . emerson will
announce further detaiis as lease opportunities and contract negotiations
come to fruition .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financing for driiling
programs involves existing production of oil and or gas opportunities , as
well as targeted areas with surrounding production . emerson is very
optimistic that with its current dea | fiow it wiil be able to buiid a solid
foundation to grow .
david harker , emerson president stated , we at emerson are aggressively
pursuing ail possibie
opportunities for growth and success . we beiieve that in many
situations we wi | | have the opportunity to include existing production in a driiling program , which
wil | aiways encourage the participation of financia | partners .
symbo | - eogi
price - . 09
the value of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years .
3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - mi | | ions , eogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises .
aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and
even quadrupie returns .
our subscribers need to pay particulariy close attention to undervaiued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company
with a comparabiy sma | | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oi |
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with
the daily jump in energy prices .
but ail that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equaily expiosive
effect on the share price .
what wi | | the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oil and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or
decline
siightiy , you wiil stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings
wiil
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wi | | be
staggering .
overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized ,
eogi shares wi | | surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oi | and
gas reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive
production .
eariy investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in
this
area will reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s bulletin .
oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsletter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities .
oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand
doliars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided
in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the profiled company to ailow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 001 @ yahoo . com
