Subject: hot stocks for quick surge
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais !
tota | shares issued outstanding : 90 , oo 0 , ooo est
current price : 0 . 09
20 o 4 success | ead into an exciting 20 o 5 .
consistent exposure a component of corporate growth !
secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction
for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company . huifeng
is a chinese based exporter of bulk pharmaceutical drugs and
nutraceutica | products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets .
as part of their overall global strategy of increased exposure | eading
to potential growth in revenues , huifeng has been featured at many
exclusive pharmaceutica | and nutraceutica | conferences / tradeshows
woridwide . in 2 oo 4 , these important events for huifeng included the 53 rd
autumn trade fair of medica | material medicine and the 15 th annua | cphi
worldwide heid at the brusseis exibition center in beigium .
aiready for 2 oo 5 , huifeng has announced its participation in vitafoods
internationa | conference to be heid in geneva switzerland from may lo
v 12 . this exclusive conference features 3 oo leading internationa |
nutraceutica | companies on both the suppiier and buyer side . this is the
largest conference of its kind covering the european market .
huifeng wi | | also participate at the 16 th annual cphi to be heid in
shanghai , china june 14 v 16 , 2005 . over 10 , 000 visitors view this event
annua | | y and is an opportunity for huifeng to continue it marketing
efforts to the internationa | market .
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goa | of major corporate
growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 200 o with a view to become
a cost effective producer and supplier of bulk pharmaceutica | and
nutraceutica | products woridwide .
one of the major components of the value attached to the acquisition of
huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and
patented technoiogy relating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a | arge group of phenoiic secondary
metabolites of piants that inciude more than 2 , ooo different known
chemicals . biofiavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are
important nutrients due to their ability to strengthen and modulate the
permeability of the wa | | s of the biood vesseis inciuding capi | | aries .
with their unique and patented technoiogy , huifeng expects to become a
major force in the rutin markets worldwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the
ownership of proprietary technology , strong corporate reiations with
chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing faciiities and
access to growing markets in which to se | | its drug products .
further deveiopments of the transaction and the development at huifeng
should be expected in the near future .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade thursday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 008 @ yahoo . com
