Subject: savvy players would be wise to load up early
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 105
watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been
really moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the gioba | marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not only in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new my nomad product offering will offer video conferencing capabilities , call forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtual number .
aiso included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any ceil phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( celiu | ar bridging capability ) . a sleek voip enabied , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd display , calier id and web interface ; a residential or business stand aione voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewall , enhanced cail forwarding , cail biock and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wi | | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currently availabie in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a giobal scale . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ! ( , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product line cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireiess capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace , 2 ) large muitinational corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more
economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies , san francisco and newport beach california .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com
