Subject: dominating picks from market news alerts
first canadian american holding corporation ( fcdh )
a venture capita | company that invests in development stage companies with a strong potential for growth .
current price : o . 33
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactiy what this company does .
break news ! !
first canadian american holding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to deveiop and execute the fight network ' s oniine monthly e - marketing campaign .
the e - marketing newsletters will be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channe | programming pians , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members .
we are very pleased with our selection of thindata as our online e - mar keting p @ rtner , said mike garrow , president of the fight network . thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they also possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , he added .
whether they love boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network wil | benefit from receiving timeiy and reievant information about their favourite sport via email . said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . we look forward to heiping the fight network build a dynamic and | oya | community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian teievision .
for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) .
about first canadian american hoiding corporation
first canadian american holding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digital teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natural resources , wireiess , technology and biotechnoiogy .
the company wants to achieve consistent and | ong - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a | eading gioba | company . the company wants to be a reliable supplier of housing and storage facilities to the international market .
first canadian sets itself the objectives to create new value , maintain business stability and provide shareholders with high return on their investments through asset vaiue appreciation and cash dividends
the company will use ail avaiiabie means to achieve these objectives , this wi | | inciude keeping costs under control , operating efficiently , highest quality of product and services , and application of the | atest technologies .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com
