Subject: no more foreign oil yes to eco friendly
the eco - investor
bulletin " investing for a better world " triton technologies ,
inc . otc : tntg
with oil prices now well over $ 50 and near - constant international
instability highlighting the vulnerability of the us and world economies to
petroleum supply shortages , the use of renewable , alternative energy sources has
taken on new and immediate importance . .
some of the most widespread and feasible of these new technologies are
already being incorporated into everyday usage - foremost among these is the use
of ethanol fuel as an oxygenator in petroleum to reduce emissions and as an
alternative fuel source . ethanol is already blended in approximately 30 %
of us gasoline as an environmental additive , while the use of rfg ( reformulated
gasoline ) could more than double demand . according to industry estimates ,
in 2004 the use of ethanol fuel helped to reduce the average cost of gasoline by
nearly 30 cents per gallon , while it reduced over 7 million tons of
co 2 - equivalent greenhouse gas emissions . government regulatory measures
including epact and clean air standards , as well as new policies banning the use
of mtbte are acting as a major catalyst towards ethanol industry growth - with an
estimated 3 . 4 billion gallons used in the us in 2004 , demand is expected to
skyrocket to more than 12 billion by 2010 .
in spite of this tremendous and growing demand , however , there is a
significant and serious ethanol supply crunch - driving up prices of ethanol on
the open market , spurring major government interest and wall street
investment . ethanol production has traditionally been a costly and complex
endeavor , requiring heavy subsidies to coax producers to ramp up their
operations to meet demand . there are currently 81 ethanol plants in the
us , capable of producing 3 . 6 billion gallons annually - a figure that is barely
adequate to meet current demand , let alone keep up with future demand . the
ethanol industry is struggling to meet this demand with 16 additional plants and
an annual capacity of 800 million gallons already under construction . it
is no surprise then , that the street is eagerly awaiting new investment
opportunities in the ethanol and clean energy industries - a trend which has been
validated by the recent high - profile $ 250 million merger of pacific ethanol ,
inc . ( nasdaq : peix ) with accessity corp . to form the first us - based pure - play
ethanol company .
with this in mind , we would like to introduce you to our newest profile
company , trinity technologies , inc . ( otc pink sheets : tntg ) , a name which you
will soon be hearing about in the $ 35 billion renewable energy industry and
which is making huge moves in ethanol and clean energy markets . tntg has
developed a substantial intellectual property and alternative energy technology
portfolio which promise tremendous revenue growth over the near term
period . triton technologies , inc . is a rapidly emerging provider of
renewable and clean energy and environmental technologies to lucrative global
industrial and commercial markets . the company has developed a substantial
technology portfolio of innovative new technologies , with operations including
production of high - grade ethanol fuel ; rechargeable battery manufacturing ; and
ultra - pure drinking water production . tntg has developed an innovative new
ethanol production technology , capable of meeting huge global demand fuel , which
can use alternative feedstock , and is roughly ½ the production cost of
competitive methods . with construction of two major production facilities
slated for later this year , we believe that tntg is ready to emerge as a major
player in the $ 35 billion alternative energy industry ! ! special situation
alert
trinity technologies , inc . ( otc : tntg ) current price :
$ 0 . 55 shares outstanding : 30 . 0 millionest . public float : 3 . 0
millionmarket capitalization : $ 9 . 0 millionindustry : alternative
energy
why shares undervalued ?
1 . ttng has developed a leading ethanol production technology which
will utilize alternative feedstock to produce ethanol at a significant discount
to competitive fermentation production methods - an estimated $ 0 . 80 per gallon
compared to industry standard costs of $ 1 . 50 per gallon . 2 . through its
starbourn - triton operation , scheduled to open two ethanol production facilities
in ohio and the united kingdom , ttng is well positioned at the forefront of an
explosive growth ethanol market which is expected to grow from $ 6 . 8 billion in
2003 to more than $ 24 billion by 2010 at it is increasingly used as a fuel
oxygenate and energy alternative . 3 . ttng additionally has acquired
manufacturing rights for new rechargeable battery manufacturing facilities in
the us and italy , which will produce battery packs that will outperform the
competition with 30 % greater life expectancy - positioning ttng at the forefront
of a high growth $ 5 . 2 billion rechargeable battery market . 4 . titan is
also addressing lucrative markets for clean water with its licensed equus water
purification technology and system which can produce pure and potable water from
any feed water source . this system will produce clean water from impure
source water at an average cost of less than $ 200 per acre - foot , compared to
prevailing industry costs of $ 1000 per acre - foot . 5 . tntg anticipates
tremendous near - term revenue growth with construction of its first two ethanol
production facilities , ramp - up in battery operations , and sales of its equus
system . tntg expects to realize sales of of approximately $ 28 million
during fiscal 2005 alone ! ! ! 6 . tntg has built a first - class management
team composed of experienced executives in the alternative energy , technology ,
and manufacturing industries . ceo christopher zanardi has spent a career
in the marketing and product management of new and clean energy technologies ,
while coo russell hilbourn has spent over twenty five years in public and
private sector management in the energy industry .
this is an investment opportunity that you cannot afford to miss - we
think the time is ideal for an investment which will see huge short - term profits
while investing in a future conglomerate with a tremendous long - term
outlook . tntg is uniquely positioned to see major revenues and profitable
operations over the next fiscal year as it completes construction of its first
ethanol production facilities . we urge you to consider investing now ,
while trading levels are still low and before the investment community
recognizes the inherent potential of this clean energy conglomerate in the
making . as the company begins to see revenues from its ethanol sales , and
embarks on additional clean energy and environmental technology ventures , this
stock will see major price gains ! ! ! this stock could justifiably reach
trading levels of up to $ 2 . 50 within the next several trading weeks ! ! !
disclaimer : information within this email contains
" forwardlooking statements " withinhe meaning of section 27 aof the securities act
of 1933 and section 21 b ofthesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involvediscussions with respect to predictions , expectations ,
beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events
orperformance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forwardlooking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based
onexpectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
madethat involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actualresults or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the useof words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by
statements indicatingcertain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk
factors includegeneral economic and business conditions , the ability to
acquire anddevelopspecific projects , the ability to fund operations and
changes in consumerand business consumption habits and other factors
overwhich the company haslittle or no control . the publisher of this
newsletter does not representthat the information contained in this message
states all material facts ordoes not omit a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein notmisleading . all information provided within this
email pertaining toinvesting , stocks , securities must be understood as
information providedandnot investment advice . the publisher of this
newsletter advises all readersand subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional before deciding to trade in
stocks featured within thisemail . none of the material within this report
shall be construed as anykind of investment advice or solicitation . many of
these companies are onthe verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money
by investing in thisstock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings
now , before youinvest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a
registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein
as legal , tax , accounting orinvestment advice . in compliance with the
securitiesact of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is
contracted to receive six hundredthousand free trading shares from a third
party , not an officer , director oraffiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from
such compensation due to thefact that this is a paid advertisement and is
not without bias . the partythat paid us has a position in the stock they will
sell at anytime withoutnotice . this could have a negative impact on the price
of the stock , causingyou to lose money . all factual information in this
report was gathered frompublic sources , including but not limited to sec
filings , company websitesand company press releases . the publisher of this
newsletter believes thisinformationto be eliable but can make no guarantee
as to its accuracy orcompleteness . use of the material within this email
constitutes youracceptance of these terms . we were paid 20 , 000 for this
mailing
