Subject: little stox are coming up big
agent 155 media group inc . ( otc : agmg )
agentl 55 . com evolved out of the passion for creativity - both it ' s
expression , and its exposure . agentl 55 . com is a street - level creative arena , providing an affordable , high - quality online presence for the global artistic and athletic communities . our mission is to make this opportunity for exposure , collaboration , and networking accessible to everyoneworldwide .
ceo - christopher j . martinez
agentl 55 media group , inc . has emerged as a multimedia company for performers , athletes , filmmakers , models , musicians , and artists contribute trailers , short films , clips , mp 3 s , photography , multimedia content , and much more . our mission is to make this opportunity for exposure , collaboration , and networking accessible to all talent worldwide .
this is truly a multi - media distribution play , with a traditional
distribution opportunity . agentl 55 . com attracts talent that is yet to be discovered , with the potential of one superstar delivering millions of dollars in revenues to the label . the possibilities are endless when you consider the worldwide pool of talent from which we pull . there is a revolution occurring in the artistic community ; agentl 55 . com is leading it .
within 3 months agmg is launching a music service for musicians and consumers worldwide . musicians will be able to upload , license and sell their songs per download for the ipod and all mobile devices and keep 100 % of the revenue . agent 155 media group will generate revenue from a membership upgrade which will be $ 15 . 50 per month totaling $ 31 . 00 per month for members utilizing service . another revenue stream that will be exercised is to enable artists to sell their work and video will also be monetized for mobile devices .
company profile
tired of being told who has talent and who doesn ' t ? corporate america and hollywood often control the artists and athletes we see , hear and experience . extremely passionate about the creative and athletic talent that most of us will never see , the team at agentl 55 media group has launched a grassroots effort and emerged as a multimedia company where talent from around the world can be seen and heard at agentl 55 . com - - with video and lots of it , something radically different . any performer , athlete , filmmaker , model , musician / singer , photographer and artist can
be their own agent and upload trailers , short films , reels , mp 3 s , clips , photography , bios and other content , up to 500 mb , on the secure site .
agentl 55 media group inc . is based in san diego where its website ( agentl 55 . com ) and related services are produced for worldwide distribution . the company offers an affordable , high - quality online presence for the global artistic and athletic communities through its website , agentl 55 . com .
agentl 55 . com offers models , performers , artists , athletes , musicians , filmmakers and agencies a multi - media content management solution , enabling the creative world a collaborative forum to network and develop .
investor overview
agentl 55 media group inc . is based in san diego where its website ( agentl 55 . com ) and related services are produced for worldwide distribution . the company offers an affordable , high - quality online presence for the global artistic and athletic communities through its website , agentl 55 . com . agentl 55 . com offers models , performers , artists , athletes , musicians , filmmakers and agencies a multi - media content management solution , enabling the creative world a collaborative forum to network and develop . agentl 55 . com provides talent agencies , agents , producers , directors , and recording companies a one - stop location to search and view the profiles and work of emerging talent . agentl 55 media group inc . also re - distributes member content through traditional media channels like tv , radio , film and print . agentl 55 media group inc . produces films , music tours , commercials , and various events using talent exclusively from agentl 55 . com .
any performer , athlete , filmmaker , model , musician / singer , photographer and artist can be their own agent and upload trailers , short films , reels , mp 3 s , clips , photography , bios and other content , up to 500 mb , on the secure site . membership is growing by 150 subscribers per month . agentl 55 has recently launched a record label , and expected royalties will add to this revenue . revenue is expected to be $ 1 million in fiscal 2005 , and over $ 5 million in 2006 .
the advantage that agentl 55 has over its competition is that it has no competition !
within 3 months agmg is launching a music service for musicians and consumers worldwide . musicians will be able to upload , license and sell their songs per download for the ipod and all mobile devices and keep 100 % of the revenue . agent 155 media group will generate revenue from a membership upgrade which will be $ 15 . 50 per month totaling $ 31 . 00 per month for members utilizing service . another revenue stream that will be exercised is to enable artists to sell their work and video will also be monetized for mobile devices .
