Subject: savvy players would be wise to | 0 ad up eariy
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 10
apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortiy and will report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategically purchase leases in know and proven oil gas regions so as to fuily maximize company assets and shareholder returns .
wysak properties
wysak presently controis one | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . wysak ' s other two leases are | ocated within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroleum and expioration firms operate nearby these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | gas and coaibed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biilions of doliars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coliectively over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 million barreis .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . nearly 100 welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin couid have 5 o , 00 o to 10 o , ooo producing wells before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas play in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as weil as clean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , oo 0 wells produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 017 @ yahoo . com
