Subject: pls your assistance is needed .
from : angela magoora .
dear friend ,
you may be surprised to receive this letter from me
since you do not know
me personally . i am angela magoora , the first daughter of
madogo magoora , the
most popular black farmer in zimbabwe who was murdered
in the land dispute
in my country . i got your contact through network
online hence decided to write you .
before the death of my father , he had taken me to
johannesburg to deposit
the sum of usdl 6 . 5 million ( sixteen million five
hundred thousand united
states dollars ) , in one of the private security
company , as he foresaw thelooming danger in zimbabwe this money
was deposited in a box as gem stones
to avoid much demurrage from security company . this
amount was meant for the purchase of new machines
and chemicals for the farms and establishment
of new farms in swizerland . this land problem came when
zimbabwe president mr . robert mugabe introduced a
new land act reform wholly affecting the
rich white farmers and some few black farmers , and
this resulted to thekilling and mob action by zimbabwean
war veterans and some lunatics in the
society . in fact a lot of people were killed because
of this land reform
act for which my father was one of the victims .
it is against this background that i and my family
fled zimbabwe to south
africa for fear of our lives . after which i traveled
to the netherlands
and i am currently staying in the netherlands where i
am seeking political
asylum and more so have decided to transfer my
fathers money to a more
reliable foreign account . since the law of netherlands
prohibits a refugee
( asylum seeker ) to open any bank account or to be
involved in any financial
transaction throughout the
territorial zone of netherlands . as the eldest daughter of
my father , i am saddled
with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign
account where this
money could be transferred without the knowledge of my
government who are
meant on taking everything we have got . the south
african government seems to be playing along with
them .
i am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of
money out of south
africa for fear of going through the same experience
in future . both countries
have similar political history . as a business woman , i
am seeking for a partner
who i have to entrust my future and that of my family
in his hands , i must
let you know that this transaction is risk free . if
you accept to assist
me and my family , all i want you to do for me , is to
make arrangements with
the security company to clear the consignment ( funds )
here in the netherlands ,
because the consignment is with the security company
now in the netherlands . but
before then all modalities will have to be put in
place like change of ownership
to the consignment and more importantly this money i
intend to use for investment .
i have two options for you . firstly you can choose to
have certain percentage
of the money for nominating your account for this
transaction . or you can
go into partnership with me for the proper profitable
investment of the
money in your country . which ever the option you want ,
feel free to notify me . i have also mapped out 5 %
of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred
in the process of this transaction .
if you do not prefer a partnership i am willing to
give you 10 % of the money
while the remaining 85 % will be for my investment in
your country . contact
me through my confidential email
address : angela 45 @ walla . com while
i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy
required in this transaction
thanks , god bless you
yours faithfully ,
angela magoora
angela 45 @ walla . com
check - out go . com
go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb !
http : / / mail . go . com
