Subject: earthquake and tsunamis in indonesia ( how we were affected )
greetings ,
pardon my intrusion into your privacy . this i know may
cause you some apprehension due to the unexpected nature ,
but the circumstance which i am in now warrant that i do so
my name is marco dula ; i am a victim of the recent
earthquake followed by the tsunami that wrecked our
whole society of banda aceh province in indonesia
resulting in painful death of my parents .
my late father mr . alfredo nula is from paramaribo in
suriname ( south america ) and my mother from banda of
aceh province in indonesia , they got married in
suriname because indonesia like suriname was a colony
of the netherlands , but they moved to settle in
indonesia when my sister and i were born and because
indonesia has better economy than suriname , but my
sister and i was away in school in the capital jakarta
when this sorrowful incidence happened to my late
parents and all other families affected by the quake
and the tsunamis all around sumatra and aceh province .
my father and mother owned a tourist resort and
grocery store at no 71 panglima polim street , banda
aceh in indonesia , it was visited by numerous tourists
from different countries on holidays each year but
this tragic and devastating tsunamis took the lives of
my parents and many others .
my late parents saved much of their money in a bank in
the netherlands , not only because we were dutch colony
but also because we speak dutch as an official
language in suriname , i contacted my parents lawyer in
hague and he has confirmed to me that my parents has
the sum of 9 million dollars deposited in savings in
the netherlands which will be claimed by me as next of
kin , but he also explained to me that because i was
not nationalized in netherlands after suriname got
independence from the netherlands i had no permission
to settle there in that country .
we have recovered the corpses of my late parents ,
although private , international and government aids is
coming in , it will not be any where enough to settle
our problems , please i am hereby soliciting for your
assistance in clearing my late father ' s money , while i
will have the lawyer arrange the necessary document
that will enable you have the power of attorney to
effect the funds release from netherlands . as soon as
you show a sincere intentions to help me and my
sister , if you are business oriented with experience
in holiday , hotel and resort business or have some
idea on how to run a groceries shop , i am willing to
recommit the money for the full benefit of all ( my
sister you and i ) apart from that i shall be willing
to give a negotiable percentage of the money to you
otherwise or alternatively , please contact me on my
email address dun 479 @ netscape . net
as the telephone system is not
functioning at the moment .
thank you , i hope you understand our predicament and
come to our assistance .
marco dula
dun 479 @ netscape . net
check - out go . com
go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb !
http : / / mail . go . com
