Subject: hello dear
hello dear ,
i am mr . solomon dike , the manager of a prime bank in africa . i do not know you and you do not know me but for reasons which will become obvious to you as you read on , i obtained your email address from an internet address listing hoping and believing god that you will be
trustworthy , reliable and willing to assist me . please , exercise some patience while you read through my message . i have a very urgent and confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 th 1999 , an engineer / consultant / contractor with a big and influential multi national oil company and a foreigner here made a time deposit in a bank which i am presently the manager . he did not declare any next of kin in his application paper . the money is very big and no one knows the source of this money because apparently the time frame of his employment with the company here in africa does indeed preclude such a large amount of money . it can be
assumed that he brought his money over from his country or previous place of work but that is open to speculation . however , the point is that he is dead and his employers are not aware of this money , and therefore it can be safely assumed that no one will ever come forward to claim this money , he died in 2002 . the total sum ( inclusive of accrued interests ) is still sitting in my bank in the dormant account portfolio . no one will ever come forward to claim it now or in the future and according to our banking laws , after 5 years , the money will automatically revert to the federal government treasury if the account owner is a foreigner and is certified dead but with you a foreigner applying for the transfer of this fund to your nominated account anywhere in the world and all documents backing the transfer legally secured and there is certification that the funds being transferred are from non - criminal sources we will have no problems . in short this will be a proper and legal money
transfer and there will be no related
risk !
we will have to process the initial paperwork to obtain approval from the probate registry ( ministry of justice ) and obtain the letter of administration empowering you as sole trustee / executor to the deceased estate after which i will use my position and influence in the bank to effect onward transfer of this money from our bank to your nominated account . if you therefore agree to be the official beneficiary , then please note that you will be required to avail me with a bank account ( a bank account with zero credit balance is ok ) . your full address ,
phone and fax , full name and brief background information on you ( cv ) .
as soon as i receive a positive response on your willingness to assist me then i will initiate the processing of the transfer and in about 7 working days the money will be in your nominated bank account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and 30 % for you .
this transaction is guaranteed to success without any problems . if you agree to assist me by sending me the above requested information , i will give you my complete address , including phone / fax etc and any further clarifications you may require . looking forward to your urgent reply .
regards ,
mr . solomon dike
