Subject: the millenium stock report
groundbreaking news for n h v p - this issue is hot
symbol : n h v p
current price : $ 0 . 61
10 out of 10 rating watch this stock soar
northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property
northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property
northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property
groundbreaking news ! ! ! - - -
expected speculative price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 1 . 55
this stock is expected to o through the roof .
symbol : n h v p
current price : $ 0 . 61
expected speculative price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 1 . 55
our last 3 stock picks were up between 40 - 300 % after our profiles ! ! !
many low - priced stocks provided huge gain opportunities for investors who capitalized and jumped on them early enough .
the company :
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
northeast development corporation ( nsc ) is a real estate construction , development , acquisition and management company focused in the northeastern united states . it currently does business around hartford ct . its  primary objective is to build long - term shareholder value in secondary and tertiary markets that are in exurban growth paths . northeast development corporation ( the company , unless the context indicates otherwise ) is engaged in the construction business . the company was incorporated in 2004 as a successor to businesses , which had been engaged in providing construction services since 2003 formerly through an operating subsidiary of rescon technology , inc . the company currently provides general contracting , construction management and design - build services to private clients and public agencies throughout the northeast united states . it has a limited operating history , but strong developmental ties into its  target geographic markets . to date , it has primarily comp
leted civil works projects in the northeast us . the company ' s construction business will involve two basic segments or operations : building and commercial development ; and civil works projects .
news release :
philadelphia , jun 06 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - northeast development corp . , ( pink sheets : n h v p ) , announced today intentions of offering for the purchase of 40 acres of prime residential real estate in the greater new haven , ct area . the property is zoned into twenty 2 - acre residential plots for luxury residential development . the company is confident that the bid to acquire this property will be successful .
we believe that under the current market situation and the short to mid term real estate market development , the profitability of such a project is assured , stated henrik klausgaard , ceo .
additionally , the company also announced it is progressing well with negotiations to secure marketing representation in europe , since the interest in overseas investment is currently quite high in the euro - zone .
make sure you go through this paragraph before you continue :
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of n h v p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . expected speculative price should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in o
r sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 18000 from third party ( miriampr wallstreet report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections ,
objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to tr
ade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
