Subject: highly confidential
dear sir / madam investment proposal i am mr . yusuf ali ahmed , i got to know you courtesy of international business bureau through the internet , in lagos , nigeria , sequel to my zeal towards foreign investment and also security for my client and his possession . in view of this , i hereby write to give you breakdown of this proposal . i am the personal attorney to the former president of republic of liberi
a mr . charles taylor , who was pressurised by the united nation and the african union to vacate presidential seat to allow peace rain in liberia . this order was to enable his counrty organise a fresh election so that another new government could come in , and today mr charles taylor is in a political assylum in nigeria . while during mr . charles taylor ' s tenure he looted the treasury of liberian government to the tone of billions of dollars / pounds of which majority of these money has been confiscated in europe / u . s bank accounts . my client , in all this time in nigeria has been going through all form of threat by the united nations and the u . s government over his alleged involvement in the massacre killings of civilian liberians during his presidential tenure . worst of it all , was the visiting of u . s secretary of states for african affairs to nigeria to persuade president olusegun obasanjo allow them extradict my client mr chales taylor to u . s for tria
ls in relation to human rights abuses when he was liberian president . despite numerous broblem befalling my client since he politically assylum to nigeria visa - vis confiscation of his monies in accounts in europe / u . s . there is another money to the tone of us $ 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million united states dollars only ) in confidential amongst his loots confiscated , which is his last hope , he deposited in a security trust finance firm for safe keep , ( name withheld for now due to secrecy ) , in cotonou , benin republic , neighbouring west african country to nigeria . note : the consignment was registered and deposited with the security trust finance firm , as an artifacts from the former liberian president mr . charles taylor family valuables . therefore the security trust finance firm did not have knowledge that the consignment in vault boxes were money in cash but an artifacts , because the money were diplomatically coded in the boxes in a way t
hey will not know . it was stipulated in the agreement that we shall come with our expatriate to clear and carry the consignment in no distance time . right now , i am seeking for a partner abroad who will serve as the guardian of this fund with whom we can trust and plan the best way to move this money for investment purposes , which is my motive for contacting you . to be able to actualize this project , you are required to assist in the following manners . 1 ) . that you shall be required to provide a good bank account where the money would be moved into from benin republic , after the money has been cleared from the security trust finance firm in benin republic before the presence of you and i . that you shall serve as the general overseer and guardian of this fund and all investment thereafter . 2 ) . you and i shall travel to ( cotonou , benin republic ) where the treasure sum was deposited to enable us clear out the consignment before transfer
ring the money into the bank account you will provide . for these services , a suitable thirty percent ( 30 % ) will be mapped out for you after you have shown your willingness to assist move this money to your account , and most importantly all ongoing expenses involved which will be spent in this transaction by both parties will be reimbursed before the disbursement of the us $ 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 in your country , and investment thereafter . so , if you are interested and willing , kindly reply me through the above email address or call me for more details . having stated the above clearly , i expect to receive your response soonest , as we do not intend to have this transaction delayed . please treat this as highly as confidential . best regards . mr . yusuf ali ahmed personal attorney to former liberian president mr . charles taylor