Subject: i need your assistance
dear sir ,
my name is col . garry mbako , a liberian military soldier under the leadership of the liberian former president charles taylor , who is now on exile in federal republic of nigeria .
i am officer incharge of purchasing arms and aminitions during the years of liberia civil war . but right now i am on exile in nigeira with the war lord charles taylor . our leaving for exile is resulted
from the resolution of the internation community to stop the blood shelding and to allow them maintian peace in the country liberia . this brought to the public notice that charles taylor will be leaving on exile immediately he handed over the government on 11 th august 2003 to moses blah as the president of interim government untill a proper democratic election is done .
as it is now i want to leave nigeria to settle down and rehabilitate my life for better tomorrow of my family .
therefore , i wish to solicite for your assistance to help me out of this distress . although , i know it will be difficult to believe and accept a stranger you do not know or met before . but i plead you in the name of almighty god to please welcome my request and god will bless you .
on a confidential matter , i have two boxes that contains about usd $ 5 million reserved for the purchase of the war materials and it was in my office before the arrival of the internation community . but i fly
to nigeria with the boxes with the entorage of the president taylor .
for this information , i have made a special arrangement on how to ship the boxes to you through a diplomatic courier services because according to my contact person here it will not be possible for me
to travel out with the boxes . so i want you to receive the boxes first before i arrange for my traveling papers . ofcourse i do not have any of them .
so if you agreed to recieve me and the money in your country , you will assist me to establish some business investment .
finally , note that once the money is sent to you and i comes over successfully , i will compersate you with 20 % ok .
but please you should keep this letter very confidential to avoid any trace of my where about and the money .
moreover , i want you to send me your phone and fax numbers for easy contact . the copies of your international passport or motor driving licence and your house contact address is needed to facilitate
this deal on mutual trust and smooth operation .
i am waiting your urgent reply through the e - mail
address below .
thanks and god bless you .
col . garry mbako .
