Subject: thanks for your understanding
from . dr . sungu ibrahimtel : 234 - 8033779024 email : ibrahimnnpc 2006 @ myway . com
dear friendi am dr . sungu ibrahim a senior accountant with the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person who can handle a very strict and confidential transaction which involves transfer of a reasonable sum of money to a foreign account . there is usd $ 32 m ( thirty - two million united states dollars only ) in my department waiting remittance . this money represents the surplus of an over valued contract executed for the corporation some years back . a foreign firm has long completed this contract and the contractor duly paid . i now seek if you would permit the surplus to be remitted into your personal / company account , so that the money remitted will be shared mutually among the parties concerned , including you .
however , i would wish to receive your personal asurance that you woud not sit on this moneywhen it goes into your account . more importantly , you keep confidential this transction in order not to tarnish the confidence reposed in the officials involved in this transaction . therein , we have agreed that 60 % of the money goes to the officers where this money originated , 30 % to the owner of account , while 10 % would be used to defray whatever expenses that may be incurred in the course of this transaction . i wish to inform you that this transaction requires the most urgent reply and attention to enable us pull out this money soonest and there is no risk involve . you are expected to forward to me through my personal email address the following details
( a ) name of you bank account ( b ) account number / beneficiary ( c ) bankaddress / particulars ( d ) personal telephone / fax number
a meeting of all the parties concerned is going to take place few days before the remittance is to be made . the parties concerned shall agree upon the meeting venue before sharing of the money . please be informed that on completion of this business , i will use my share of the money to invest in your country , you investment advice is needed in this respect or be apartner in your company . every transfer arrangements will be done by the apex bank ( central bank of nigeria ) direct to your designted bank account . this transaction is 100 % risk free . if you are interest to help , pls do not hesitate to contact me urgently on my personal email address : ibrahimnnpc 2006 @ myway . comregards dr . sungu ibrahim
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - encuentra tu casa r?pida y c?modamente . miles de viviendas te est?n esperando en http : / / www . portae . com