Subject: 
attention : ,
please reply to my private email address ; ( stansankoh @ netscape . net )
i am stanley sankoh the eldest son of the late chief foday sankoh of sierra
leone
who was killed by president ahmad tejan kabbah as you may know in 1999 .
i am presently in a refugee camp outside my country since the outbreak a
war in ( sierra - leone )
he has secretly informed me before his death that he deposited two sealed
boxes , one
containing 652 caract of blue rough cut diamond and the other contained the
sum of $ 16 . 8 million ( sixteen million eight hundred thousand dollars in a
private security
company in europe
the proceedures is that you will be given the contact of the security firm
so that you will
contact them and arrange how to take possession of the two trunk boxes as
my late father ' s
foreign partner .
you shall open account in your country where the money will be lodged into
while you make
arrange to sell of sealed box containing the 652 caract of blue rough cut
diamond . the security
company do not know the content of what is in both boxes and do not
disclose this to them .
after you have transferred ownership of the two trunk boxes , from the
security company to your
country , you shall then make arrangement for me and my kid sister to come
over to your country
and start a new life .
upon request by you i can send to you the certificate of deposit for your
assurance . we are willing
to conceed up to 25 % of the total sum to you for all the anticipated help
from you hoping that it will
cover all your running expenses before and after the transaction .
however , we will desire that you will help us invest our share till we will
be able to meet you up in your
country for further talks , please if this proposal is ok by you , please
write me back via this
e - mail address ( stansankoh @ netscape . net ) so that i can give you all the
necessary informations .
best regards
stanley sankoh
email : stansankoh @ netscape . net
