Subject: microcap profile lblbb 1111 mq
bbi 36322
martin nutraceuticals , inc . ( otc : mtnu )
a family of nutraceuticals developed to enhance the
pleasure of life and lifestyle . ( source : company
website )
current price : 0 . 10
will this one explode higher from here ? if you think
so , you may want to take action at the open
tomorrow . . .
investment highlights : ( source : recent news releases )
a ) martin nutraceuticals announces product launch for
quebec - established july 15 th , 2005 as the launch date
for martin products to be available in the province of
quebec .
b ) martin nutraceuticals announces clinical trail
results for weight loss and obesity control with new
product - in this 4 - week clinical trial , half the
patients were given 6 maximum slim ( tm ) capsules - - two
with every meal , and the other half were given a
placebo . the group using maximum slim ( tm ) lost an
average of 3 % body fat , while the placebo group
averaged less than 0 . 5 % body fat .
c ) martin nutraceuticals inc . announces retail
expansion - martin nutraceuticals inc . is pleased to
announce the completion of negotiations that will
place martin products in retail outlets , chain stores
and warehouse distribution centers as soon as the end
of the second quarter , beginning of the third quarter .
about mtnu ( source : company website )
in 1989 , the foundation for innovation in medicine
coined the term nutraceutical to give identity to a
highly promising area of health and medicine . since
then , the nutraceutical market has become a highly
respected industry for supplement health , averaging a
7 % increase year over year for the last 5 years .
martin nutraceuticals was a natural progression that
started from the inception of bettering the lifestyle
of people . since , martin nutraceuticals has created a
family of complimentary medicine and supplementation
that has helped thousands of people suffering from
arthritis and general joint pain , poor circulation ,
tiredness , obesity and digestive complications .
please watch this one trade . these little stocks can
surprise in a big way sometimes . . . .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this email contains forward
looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be forward looking statements . forward
looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands
or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
available about the company . other factors include a
limited operating history , a nominal cash position , an
accumulated deficit since its inceptiion , a negative
net worth and no revenues in its most recent
quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the
company is going to need financing . if that financing
does not occur , the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment . other risks and
uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the
ability of the company to complete its business
plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the
general acceptance of the company ' s products and
technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other
risks associated with their business . the publisher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by
investing in this stock . the publisher of this
newsletter is not a reglstered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as
legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are
specially selected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies . you would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that
happening . remember , as always , past performance is
never indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s
filings when available , should be completed prior to
investing . in compliance with the securities act of
1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter
is contracted to receive fifty thousand dollars from
a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate
shareholder for the circulation of this report . be
aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting
from such compensation due to the fact that this is a
paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a
negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you
to lose money . all factual information in this report
was gathered from public sources , including but not
limited to company websites , information statements
and company press releases . the publisher of this
newsletter believes this information to be reliable
but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
bbb
