Subject: can you handle this project ?
kindest attention ,
i want to use this means of communication because of time shortage , please
kindly bear with me . however , permit me to inform you of my desire of going
into business relationship with you . i contacted you through a friend of
mine that works with the nigerian chamber of commerce , when i was desperately
looking for a honest foreigner that will assist me .
i am miss sandra harrison , the only duaghter of late chief dr patrick ikenna
harrison . my father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant based in west africa . before
his death on the 30 jan 2003 , in the kenya airways flight with registration
number 5 y - ben which departed from nairobi to abuja on a business trip , my
father took me so special because my mother gave up the
ghost , 10 minutes after my birth .
my father secretly called me and disclosed to me that he deposited the
sum of usd $ 21 . 5 million , in a vault box and deposit it as family valuables , in
a security company in london . the security company does not know
the content of the box , since my late father deposited it as family valuables .
he placed my name as next of kin , and also gave the documents pertaining
the consignment to me . he also explained that i should seek for a foreign
partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and
use it to invest in a profitable ventures , ( such as real estatemanagement ) .
i am honourably seeking your assistance in the following
ways .
( 1 ) to help in retrieve this box out from the security company for immediate
transfer of the fund to your destination account in your country .
( 2 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund during and after the transaction . since
i am a girl of 23 years .
( 3 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money
must have been transferred to your account .
moreover , i am willing to offer you 30 % of the total sum as compensation
for your effort after the successful transfer of this fund to your norminated
account inover seas . you can indicate your urgent interest towards assisting
me by forwarding to me your tele / fax numbers , a copy of your international
passport and home address .
i will appreciate your early response . anticipating to hear from you soonest . please
reply me to my private email box : , sandraharrison 70 @ yaahoo . com
thanks and god bless .
miss sandra harrison
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br
