Subject: job offer ( financial courier need )
hello
ipfinanse . ink financial investment joint - stock company closed - type offers a wide range of tools to operate in the international financial markets
of the usa and europe . our recommendations strictly follow the requirements of the law of the russian federation and foreign currency regulations
and control procedures . we make shares and derivatives auctions accessible both for residents and non - residents of the russian federation
ipfinanse . ink was founded in october 1998 in russia . since that time the company caters for professional services in the field of broker and
depository operations , trust management , financial consulting , audit and foreign currency transactions . currently ipfinanse . ink operates in 5
countries of the world , including the usa , germany and countries of the balkan region through several branches and affiliates .
> from february 12 th , 2002 ipfinanse . ink company has the status of a financial consulting company in the securities and foreign currency market .
careers
you can enter our company as a regional agent . once you do , a world of training and skill development opens to you , as well as career progression
and professional options . in fact , many members of our leadership and executive teams first began their career as a regional agent .
main responsibility of a . regional agent . is to accept and transfer payments from individuals and legal entities . we guarantee quick promotion
and descent salary .
main requirements to an applicant :
18 years or older
legally capable
responsible
ready to work 2 - 3 hours per day
with pc knowledge
e - mail and internet experience ( minimal )
benefits :
free of charge express training for new employees .
commissions . 10 % of each transaction .
work your own hours . you plan your working time .
if you are interested , please , e - mail your application and resume to jobs @ ipfinanceink . com
ipfinanse . ink , inc is firmly committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal and business information . we maintain robust
physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal information in our care .
contacts
our site
http : / / www . ipfinanceink . com /
e - mail :
administration : administrator @ ipfinanceink . com
support : support @ ipfinanceink . com
careers & vacancies : jobs @ ipfinanceink . com
