Subject: " my will to the less privileged "
my will to the less privileged
my lordship ,
calvary greetings in the name of god , i am former mrs . fatima abass yakubu
idris now mrs . joy abass yakubu idris , a widow to late sheik abass yakubu
idris .
i am 65 years old ; i am now a new christian convert , suffering from long
time cancer of the breast . from all indications , my condition is really
deteriorating and is quite obvious that i may not live more than six
months , because the cancer stage has gotten to a very severe stage . my
late husband was killed during the gulf war , and during the period of our
marriage we had a son who was also killed in a cold blood during the gulf
war .
my late husband was very wealthy and after his death , i inherited all his
business and wealth . my personal physician told me that i may not live for
more than six months and i am so scared about this . so , i now decided to
divide part of this wealth , by contributing to the well beign of less
privileged people and handicapped in the society of africa , which is in my
place , america europe and asian countries .
this mission , which will no doubt be tasking had made me to recently
relocate to africa where i live presently . i selected you for this
purpose and prayed over it , i am willing to donate the sum of
$ 3 , 300 , 000 . 00 million us dollars to you for the development of the well
beign of handicapped in the society and also as aids for the less
privileged around your country , and i have map out $ 700 , 000 . 00 for your
own personal use to help me for this work .
please note that , this fund is lying in a bank in europe and , therefore my
lawyer will file an immediate application for the transfer of the money in
your name or your home . please , do not reply me if you have the intention
of using this fund for personal use , than enhancement of the comfort of
the handicapped .
lastly , i want you / your home to be praying for me as regards my entire
life and my health because i have come to find out since my spiritual
birth lately that wealth acquisition without god one ' s life is vanity upon
vanity .
i await your urgent reply .
yours in god ' s love ,
sister joy abass idris .
