Subject: please read and get back to me ! ! !
from mrs . janet omaha
# 102 nelson mamdela ave ,
sandton , johannesburg
republic of south africa
phone : + 27 - 73 - 844 - 7562 .
email : janetomaha _ 4 @ yahoo . com
private and confidential
dear sir ,
before i start , i must first apologize for this unsolicited mail to you . i
am aware that this is certainly an unconventional approach to establishing a
relationship , but you will realize the need for my action . please , i will
like to know your interest on this transaction . actually , your contact was
via s . a . i . i . e . b . ( south african international internet exchange bureau ) here
in johannesburg chamber of commerce and industry , while i was searching for
a reputable confidential and honest person to do this business together .
full understanding
i am mrs janet omaha the wife of late mr sipho omaha from zimbabwe . my
husband was among the rich black farmers murdered in cold blood in zimbabwe
by war veterans of president robert mugabe . however , the number of farmers
killed in zimbabwe over the new land act introduced by president do not give
any concern . my main aim of contacting you is to assist me in transfering
the sum of $ 12 , 000 , 000 ( twelve million us dollars ) into your nominated
oversea account , this money was given to my husband by president mugabe when
they were still in good terms for investement purposes . my husband deposited
this money in a security company in johannesburg here in south africa as if
he foresaw the looming blow of his death . my late husband deposited the said
funds as family treasure in order to aviod seizure since south africa , have
almost the same land laws with zimbabwe presently . i am residing in south
africa with my son as asylum seekers , based on our present status we are
deprived of some financial rights of banking activities . moreover , this
money is the only thing my late husband left for us as such the entire life
of my family depends on this money coupled with the responsibilities rested
on me , i will be willing to go into partnership on any lucrative business you
will suggest in your country .
at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total
amount , 60 % will be for me , and while 5 % will be for expenses both parties
might have incurred during the process of transferring this fund . finally ,
please kindly furnish me with any of your private phone and fax numbers for
more information and the immediate step to be followed and also further
information about yourself is necessary for i can not play on this . you can
as well read more about the crises in my country and about this situation on
the following sites :
best regards ,
note that you will reply me only through my privately email address and my
direct phone number period ; janetomaha _ 4 @ yahoo . com
phone : + 27 - 73 - 844 - 7562 .
please reply via ; janetomaha _ 4 @ yahoo . com
mrs janet omaha ( for the family ) .
