Subject: seeking your consent for business transaction
mr . duke abby .
dear friend ,
this mail may come to you as a surprise but i plead with you to patiently
read through it before making a decision whether to assist me or not .
i am mr . duke abby peters . i am the personal accountant to a national of
your country , who is an oil consultant / contractor with the nigerian mining
corporation , ( name deliberately with - held for now ) made a numbered time
( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 15 , 500 , 000 . 00
( fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars ) in a reputable bank in lagos
nigeria .
on june 6 , 2000 , my client , his wife and their three children were
involved in a car accident along airport road . all occupants of the vehicle
unfortunately lost their lives . since then i have made several enquiries to
your embassy and international trade missions to locate any of my customer
extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several
unsuccessful attempts , to locate any member of his family hence i contacted
you .
i am contacting you to assist in repatriating the money and property left
behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by
the bank where this huge deposit were lodged . particularly , the
investigation department of the bank where the deceased had an account
valued us $ 15 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars ) have
issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account
confiscated within the next ten official working days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 3 years
now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased
since you have the same last name , so that the proceeds of this account
valued at $ 15 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can
share the money 60 % to me and 40 % to you . i have all necessary informations
that can be used to back up any claim we may make . this money
( us $ 15 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) is still lying in the bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever
come forward to claim it . and according to laws of federal republic of
nigeria , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the
ownership of the nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the fund .
all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal
through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate
arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . there is no
risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by me and
you together due to my position as personal accountant officer to the
deceased , this will guarantee the successful execution of this
transaction . lf you are interested in giving the required assistance , kindly
reply this mail stating your telephone / fax numbers for further contact .
because of the secrecy surrounding this transaction , l suggest that you
contact me only via my private email : accountdepartment @ fnbankza . com
l am looking forward to a favorable reply from you soon . feel free to ask
any question in this regard .
yours faithfully ,
mr . duke abby peters . crie j? um email grtis com 300 mb visite
www . touaki . com <