Subject: goldeditor : " buy in may and go away " - exploration stocks surprise market
www . goldeditor . com
buy in may and go away - for gold
stocks . check the charts , it happens every year . the various gold
indexes in north america have bottomed in late spring in each of the last three
years , andreached their highs at the end of the
year . back in may , goldeditorhosted a round table
discussionon exploration companies , and we spoke withthree
well - read newsletter writers . ( click here for original
report ) . two of the companies they recommendedhad
bigstock movestuesday . bear creek mining
( bcm - tsxv ) reported somegood silver holes and the stock almost
doubled . knight resources ( knp - tsxv ) traded
over 5 , 000 , 000 sharestuesday , gapping
up 80 % onannouncing the drills havejuststarted
turning on their west raglan nickel project . has a robustjunior
mining market returned ? we ask technical guru richard reinhard to
interpret some charts for us , and give us an update on knight .
growth stocks weekly
publisher : diversified financial
solutions since : may , 1995
editor : richard reinhard e - mail :
rreinhard @ shaw . ca
junior gold and natural resource sector report
july 12 , 2005
knight
resources ltd . ( knp - tsx venture )
knight resources share trading
exploded to the upside today as it and jv partner anglo american announced that
drilling has begun on their west raglan project . this marks the start of the
2005 c $ 5 million exploration program , and while only one rig will be in operation
until early august , a second rig will then be added . considering the volume
today was 5 . 2 million shares and the price increased 80 % , we suspect that there
is more going on than a simple reaction to an expected announcement . with that
in mind , a quick review of the project is in order .
to read the full article , click here : http : / / www . goldeditor . com / archives - 56 . htm
disclaimer
growth stocks
weekly is an independent electronic publication committed to providing our
subscribers with factual information on selected publicly traded companies ,
business , and economics . all companies are chosen on the basis of certain
financial analysis , and other pertinent criteria with a view toward maximizing
the upside potential for investors while minimizing the downside risk , whenever
possible with the added aid of technical analysis . growth stocks weekly
and its editors do not accept compensation from public companies featured in
this publication .
all statements
and expressions are the sole opinions of the editors and are subject to change
without notice . a profile , description , or other mention of a company in the
newsletter is neither an offer nor solicitation to buy or sell any securities
mentioned . while we believe all sources of information to be factual and
reliable , in no way do we represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the
statements made herein . the staff of growth stocks weekly are not registered
investment advisors and do not purport to offer personalized investment related
advice . the publisher , staff , or anyone associated with , or associated to ,
growth stocks weekly may own securities mentioned in this newsletter and may
buy or sell securities without notice .
the profiles ,
critiques , and other editorial content of the growth stocks weekly may contain
forward - looking statements relating to the expected capabilities of the
companies mentioned herein . the reader should verify all claims and do their
own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in
securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . the information
found in this profile is protected by copyright laws and may not be copied , or
reproduced in any way without the expressed , written consent of the editors of
growth stocks weekly .
www . gsweekly . com
happy
reading , live long and prosper .
the gold editor
gold editor provides , for
remuneration , corporate communications and investor relations services to the above
mentioned client ( s ) . the information contained in this email is based on
existing disclosure documents or other publicly available information . you are
encouraged to seek independent verification of any information that is
important to your decisions . neither gold editor nor the mentioned client ( s ) is
offering securities or advising or soliciting the purchase or sale of the
securities .
www . goldeditor . com
to be
removed from this list , please click on the box below :
gold editor po box 48451 bentall centre vancouver , bc v 7 x la 2 canadathis e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
