Subject: private offer
notaris public international
( h . b van voosen and partners )
violetstraaat 52 ,
2060 brussel , belgium .
e - mail address : notaris @ myway . com
dear friend ,
i apologize if this mail message does not suit your personal or
business ethics .
my names are bochem voosen an attorney to mr morris thomspson , who was
an american by nationality , also referred to as my client . this letter
may come to you as a surprise since it is coming from someone you have
not met before and due to high volume of spam mail that goes around the
world through this means but i have no other choice than to send it to
you through the internet means , therefore ,
i will appreciate it if you honor it and give me all your trust and
full co - operation .
i came to know about you in my private search for a reliable
person or company to handle this confidential transaction on behalf of
my chamber and myself through this contact websit ( http : / / www . hi 5 . com ) .
on the 31 th of january 2000 , my client by name mr morris thomspson , and
his wife thelma thomspson and daughter sheryl thomspson died in the
alaska airlines flight 261 plane crash , you can confirm it yourself via
website : site ; http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list /
since then , i have been managing his properties here
in belgium and some of his properties , which he put out for sale . which
i monitored the payment as his attorney , has been bought and paid for .
now the money paid was deposited into his foreign account in canada . i
have contacted you to assist in transfering the money to your account
before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by his bank .
particularly , the bank has issued me a notice to provide any of his
next of kin or have the account confiscated within a short
time . my late client has an account valued at 15 . 5 million dollars .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for some time
now , and with the bank giving me deadline , i now seek your consent to
present you as the next of kin of the deceased , so that the proceeds of
this account valued at 15 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you and then
you , and i can share the money . 50 % to me amounting to us $ 7 , 750 , 000 . 00
dollars and 40 % for you amounting to us $ 6 , 200 . 000 . 00 and 10 % amounting
to
us $ 1 , 550 , 000 . 00
for miscellaneous expenses that might arise . i have all necessary
information that can be used to back up any claim we may make .
all i require is your honest co - operation to enable us
see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under
a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of
the law . trust me , as his attorney ; this is a risk - free relationship .
send me your full names and address , telephone and fax
numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction .
a swift acknowledgement on the receipt of this mail
would be appreciated .
i remain obliged ,
bochem voosen ( attorney )
notaris public international
( h . b van voosen and partners )
violetstraat 52 ,
2060 brussel , belgium .
e - mail address : notaris @ myway . com
disclaimer :
this message contains confidential information and is
intended only for specified addressee . if you are not the
named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or
copy this e - mail . the sender therefore does not accept
liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of
this message , which arise as a result of e - mail
transmission . please note that we reserve the right to
monitor and read any emails sent and received under the
telecommunications ( lawful business practice ) ( interception
of communications ) regulations 2000 . please reply through
this email : notaris @ myway . com
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /
