Subject: re : warning - your neurological check up expires february 31 th
pain relief consumer information newsletter
we offer generic versions of the most popular pain relief drugs .
order hydrocodone directly from fda - approved manufacturers .
save up to 95 % on all your drugs .
please look at the following specials we have :
1 . hydrocodone 500 mg 30 pills only 169 . 99 $
2 . vicodin ( generic ) 750 mg 30 pills only 159 . 99 $
3 . phentermine 37 . 5 mg 30 pills only 89 . 99 $
our full pricelist can be found at : http : / / medsrealcheap . com / abcol . html
what is vicodin used for ?
vicodin is the brand name for the popular painkiller , hydrocodone bitartrate and acetaminophen .
hydrocodone bitartrate is an opioid analgesic and antitussive , occurring as fine , white crystals
or , as a crystalline powder .
in the u . s . there are over 200 products containing hydrocodone , typically combined with acetaminophen
( vicodin , lortab ) . however , it is also combined with aspirin ( lortab asa ) , ibuprofen ( vicoprofen ) ,
and antihistamines ( hycomine ) . both tablet and liquid forms of hydrocodone are available ( tussionex ) .
other brand names include anexsia , cogesic , hydrocet , hy - phen , lorcet , maxidone , norco , panacet , and zydone .
street names for vicodin include vikes and hydros .
our site has more info : http : / / pillsforcheap . com / abcol . html
1 . background :
hydrocodone dates back to the 1920 ' s when knoll , a german pharmaceutical company , believed hydrogenizing
codeine could make it less toxic , making it easier on the stomach . as its name implies , hydrocodone is the
codeine molecule with a hydrogen atom attached . during this time in the u . s . , a disturbing percentage of middle
class americans were hooked on opium derivatives . the government , anxious for a non - addictive painkiller ,
gave extensive funding to research new compounds like hydrocodone .
2 . indications :
vicodin is a phenathrene - derivate opiate agonist , effective both as an antitussive ( anti - cough ) agent , and as
an opiate , an effective analgesic for mild to moderate pain . five mg of hydrocodone is equivalent to 30 mg of
codeine when administered orally . 15 mg ( 1 / 4 gr ) of hydrocodone is considered equivalent to 10 mg ( 1 / 6 gr ) of
morphine . hydrocodone is considered to be like morphine in all respects .
3 . effects :
vicodin is a semisynthetic narcotic analgesic and antitussive with multiple actions qualitatively similar to
those of codeine . most of these involve the central nervous system and smooth muscle . the precise mechanism of
action of hydrocodone and other opiates is not known , although it is believed to relate to the existence of opiate
receptors in the central nervous system . in addition to analgesia , narcotics may produce euphoria ; drowsiness ;
lethargy ; relaxation ; difficulty in concentrating ; decreased physical activity in some users and increased physical
activity in others ; mild anxiety or fear , and pupillary constriction .
4 . how can our prices be so low ? :
we ship directly from fda - approved manufacturer in india where the production costs are low .
the branded versions of the product are more expensive because other companies spend a lot on marketing . however ,
our quality is the same as that of the branded drugs . providing quality is where we spend our budget . we don ' t
think that marketing is that important if the product works . besides , there are no middlemen , when you buy directly
from the manufacturer .
all packages are shipped discreetly by airmail worldwide .
if you wish to stop future mai * lings , please go here : http : / / buychepmeds . com / emover . php
thank you
