Subject: traders daily report
best stoc - k for year 2005 - read the story and you will see for yourself
are you tired of public companies without anything substantial backing their story - how about a revolutionary invention that will change the security industry forever , and the company just went public ! ! !
company name : sniffex inc
ticker : snfx
we profiled this stoc - k 1 month ago when it was at $ 1 and we said dont buy unless you are long term player , we projected $ 5 - 10 should be seen soon and since then the stoc - k went to $ 3 . 4 high and is now steadily trading like $ 500 k or more every day at $ 2 . 80 range .
the company has the most sensitive explosive detection device in the world and now after what happened in london 10 days ago this sector is the hottest on the stoc - k market .
we believe sniffex will start selling their devices very soon to all security forces around the world simply because their device can find even 100 grams of almost any type of explosive from 30 - 50 yards maybe even more and even through walls or metal shield .
we strongly believe once everybody on the stoc - k market realize what a gem snfx then its possible for this stoc - k to see $ 10 - 20 levels .
rating : strong buy
industry : security , homeland security , cargo screening and explosion detection systems
recent news : sniffex , inc . announces international marketing program
do not buy this stoc - k if you want to just play it for a few days , this issue will bring best returns only for long term investors who realize the potential of the company and the fact that 2 - 3 contracts on government level could skyrocket the stoc - k price above $ 10 - 20 .
reason for the top 2005 rating : unique explosive detection device capable of finding its targets from tens or hundreds of meters ! ! ! there is no other eds device which is so powerful that can locate almost any explosive behind concrete walls from distance of tens of meters ! !
the competition : there are many companies in the industry of sniffing explosives , some of them are public and they are companies like ison hwpr or hiet and all of them have devices which can locate explosive from 10 inches , 1 feet , 2 feet or close to that .
compared to these results sn fx device is tens of times better and smaller in size and yet cheaper ! !
snfx announced the release of sniffex version 1 . 1 , a handheld explosives detection device which the company claims can locate nitro - based explosives from a distance of 10 to 100 feet depending on the quantity of the explosive and environmental conditions .
the company also stated that , to the best of their knowledge , sniffex is the first device of its kind that can operate from such distances and find exp losives behind barriers .
could this company be amongst the top deals on wallstreet this year ! ! ! yes its trading at only $ 2 . 8 now and this brand new stoc - k could be $ 10 - 20 easily in the next few months as the story unfolds ! !
do not buy this stoc - k if you want to just play it for a few days , this issue will bring best returns only for long term investors who realize the potential of the company and the fact that 2 - 3 contracts on government level could skyrocket the stoc - k price above $ 10 .
snfx is in process of presenting the new device in usa and to worldwide markets and as soon as they receive some substantial orders and feedback from big institutional clients , this stoc - k will fly in the skies ,
as an example ison traded almost 1 billion dollars after they announced they are in process of developing some device , and snfx already has the device and it proved it works in numerous tests ! !
recent news announcement from the company : sniffex , inc . ( snfx ) ( sniffex ) , producers of sniffex , an explosive detection device , announced today the results of a new international marketing campaign that includes asia , australia , and the middle east .
the company stated that inquires for the product has come from at least 10 countries and that discussions have already begun on distribution agreements in several of those countries .
the company further stated that they have had significant direct interest from us government agencies and several foreign governments .
our progress as a new company has been steadily accelerating . the events of july 7 , 2005 in london have further increased the interest in sniffex and in our company ' s future products .
we believe we are at the forefront of providing new tools for effectively fighting the international war on terror , stated paul johnson , president of sniffex , inc . we are saddened by the losses that occurred in london and we are hopeful that sniffex will become a critical component in saving future lives .
this stoc - k is going to be the hottest issue for the year 2005 ! !
important information :
this newsletter was paid $ 22000 from third party ( ftpradical advertising ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such .
we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of istorical fact and may be forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statemnts in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of sn fx shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares .
shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions .
readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
this is not solicitation to buy or sell stoc - ks , this text is for informational purpose only and you should seek professional advice from registered financial advisor before you do anything related with buying or selling stoc - ks , penny stoc - ks are very high risk and you can lose your entire investment .
