Subject: congratulations you have won ! ! !
stings international promotions programs
101 , 2110 laden
amsterdam the netherlands
promotions / prize award department
dear sir / madam ,
results for second category draws .
after a successful completion of the second category
draws of stings - lottery games international
programs .
you have emerged one of the winners of the
stings - lottery game international programs , which is part of our
promotional draws . participants were selected through
a computer ballot system drawn from 30 , 000 email
addresses of individuals and companies from america ,
africa , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east ,
and new zealand as part of our international
promotions program .
you / your company , attached to :
ticket number : hgl - 5 - 9827 - nl \ gsi
lucky numbers : 13 - 15 - 16 - 21 - 34 - 36
batch / 1490 / 001753 vo 0 / gsi
reference / gsi / 2551256003 / 055
as a category b winner , you have been selected by computer balloting system where only email
addresses
are soughted , from a total numbers of 30 , 000 email addresses drawn from all over the globe . after an
automated computer
ballot of our international promotionsprogram consequently won in the second category .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 euros in cash , which is the
winning payout
for second categories winners . this is from the total prize money of 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 euros shared among
the
eight international winners in the second category .
congratulations !
you have to contact the ( gsi gateway security inc ) for immediate remittance
your e - mail address won the lucky number .
to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep this award strictly from
public
notice until the entire process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to
your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by
participants of this program .
required by the ( gsi gateway security inc ) .
we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2006 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of
winning
up to 13 million euros ; we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate .
to begin your claims process please contact your claims agent .
mr . paul blake
foreign service manager
( gsi ) gateway security inc
45 freinstein straatweg
1670 nt oosterweg
amsterdam the netherlands
tel : + 31 - 613 - 669 - 160
fax : + 31 - 847 - 535 - 293
email : ( infogatewinc @ netscape . net )
for due processing and remittance of your prize money
to a designated account of your choice .
remember , you must contact your claim agent not later
than 30 th july 2005 after this date , all funds will
be returned as unclaimed
note : to avoid unnecessary delays and complications ,
please remember to quote your reference and batch
numbers provided below in every one of your correspondence
with your claims agent .
you are to provide the below details , to enable the speedy evaluation and
processing of your winnings .
we advice that you adhere strictly to their procedures to avoid any
disqualifications and subsequent cancellation .
1 . full names
2 . full home / office address
3 . direct telephone / fax numbers
the above detailed information will be absolutely necessary to file
in your claims .
congratulations once again from all our staffs of
( triple stride - lottery international programs )
thank you for being part of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
the lottery coordinator ,
stings - lottery international programs .
sincerely ,
anya van merrick .
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the
winners will result to disqualification . please do not
reply to this mail .
contact your claims agent .
