Subject: leasing your next vehicle ? you should !
cars | trucks | suvs | chassis
tired
of buying a new car just to owe 2 more years worth of payments when you
wish you could just give it back and get a new one ? well guess what you
can ! you should think about leasing .
rick
gillespie ( 214 ) 505 - 2452
economy
to exoticwe lease any make or model
vehicle . we can get the brand new vehicle you want at the lowest possible
price from any dealer because we are facillitators .
hassle free
i can work with you in person or over the phone . we can do the
paperwork through the mail so you never have to leave your home . we can
deliver your new vehicle to your door .
worry free
with leasing there is no worry of being " upside down " because you
only pay for the car until your term is up then you have the option to
turn it in and walk away or you can buy it out if really want to keep it .
pressure free
buying a car from a dealer can be such a headache , playing all the
games to get the best price and all the pushing to get you to buy the car
they want to sell not the car you want . then it ends up being worth way
less than what you owe on it when a couple years down the road you want a
new one . don ' t get caught in the endless loop of ownership .
let me help you drive the car of your choice . give
me a call or click the link below to fill out our secure finance
application and get you out of the endless loop .
rick gillespie ( 214 ) 505 - 2452 leasing
application
advertiser ' s
address : park cities auto leasing , 5403 lemmon avenue dallas , texas 75209 u . s . a .
errors and omissions excepted . licensed for u . s . residents only , some states
not eligble . thank you for your agreement to receive advertisements from
us . you are only sent this mailing through subscribing to one or more of our
offers or by becoming one of our valued customers . we are committed to
delivering a highly rewarding on - line experience , with promotional updates and
offers that you cannot resist . we take your privacy seriously . however , if
you wish to unsubscribe , please use this link . . make sure you send it from the
address you want unsubscribed or specify it in the body . park cities auto
leasing 5403 lemmon avenue dallas , texas 75209 u . s . a . ( 214 ) 505 - 2452
