Subject: in good faith
reply : phillipwilliams @ tangana . com
as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my
name is phillip williams , a merchant in u . k . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has
defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to
medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even
myself ) but my business .
though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my
business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more
to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a
second chance to come to this world , i would live my
life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of
my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i
want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so i have decided to give also to charity
organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good
deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria
and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once
asked members of my family to close one my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to
charity organizations in asia and u . k , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not
trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my
money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of twenty five million dollars $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 that
i have with a finance institution in europe . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and
dispatche it to charity organizations . i have set aside 20 % for you and some expences that may incure
during the proccess of these transaction . god be with you . please reach me through my personal email
address of : phillipwilliams @ tangana . com remember to keep this known to yourse lf alone and i for
now , as i am doing this as a contribution to life on earth . i will also appreciate if you provide me with your
contact mobile and home phone numbers , so that i can forward them to a reputable lawyer who would put
you through the whole process . i
will really appreciate your quick response .
stay blessed ,
phillip williams
