Subject: wall - streetuniverse
monday - monday - monday - monday
investor alert - we have a runner - ^ stock ^ is up 0 . 13 ( 118 . 18 % )
up we are looking for a hugh monday
s * y * m * b * o * l : mwis . ob
c - u - r - r - e - n - t p - r - i - c - e : $ 0 . 19
1 week projection : $ 0 . 75 - $ 1 . 00
this is the one that good make you 500 - 700 % profit and we see that it
started already . . . big move .
news : smart global gets m - wise to the benefits of a bespoke platform
london , ( primezone ) - - london - based smart global , the uk ' s first
one - stop - shop for mobile data services targeted at smes , today announced its
partnership with m - wise inc ( otc bb : mwis . ob - news ) . m - wise , a leading
technology provider in the field of content management and provisioning has
developed a tailored solution to suit smart global ' s offering , which is
delivered in partnership with network operator o 2 . the m - wise platform
enables smart global to offer an end - to - end service to mobile subscribers
from online registration and over - the - air delivery of the service directly
to the customer ' s mobile device , to flexible real - time subscription - based
billing . the system also allows subscribers full access to their account ,
allowing them to manage the services , add users and view all related
information . the platform is connected to more than 10 technology vendors ,
as well as to various billing , sms and mms providers . in total 12 business
mobile services are offered .
says rachel perry , coo of smart global : we have spent two years developing
a suite of applications that meet the requirements of small and medium
businesses and believe that by removing the need for expensive ,
time - consuming back office installation and it integration we have presented
the ultimate solution to the market .
last time we issued a investor alert and watched it climb from $ 2 . 00 to
$ 8 . 00 faster than you can count the ways to spend your money .
now mwis is on the on the move !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward
looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
