Subject: will shares of this company be moving higher ?
penny stock picks every week ! ! ! the profile for the month of july is wsmi - wisdom international , inc . - just announced $ 5 . 2 m contract
ground breaking news :
wsmi announced on friday after the close $ 5 . 2 m contract ! ! ! the company stock will go crazy next week ! ! everybody is looking at wsmi as $ 2 . 50 - $ 3 stock after this contract was released .
symbol : wsmi price : $ 1 . 15
expected possible price in next 5 days : $ 3 . 20
breaking news announced : ground breaking news : wsmi announced on friday after the close $ 5 . 2 m contract ! ! !
symbol : wsmi
price : $ 1 . 15
expected possible price in next 5 days : $ 3 . 20
wisdom international corporation is a diversified holding company . wisdom ' s reinsurance activities are conducted through its subsidiary , international reinsurance company , ltd , with offices in nevis , west indies , norwich , england and dallas , texas . wisdom global mining conducts mining operations of organic agricultural , and health related products .
news releases
wisdom international ( wsmi ) is pleased to announce that its mining operation has received a significant new order .
wisdom international has entered into an agreement to provide and fulfill an order for 5 . 2 million dollars ( $ 5 , 200 , 000 ) of it organic miracle product . organic miracle is a non - nitrogen based fertilizer that can be applied by itself or as supplement to more expensive fertilizer products . since its introduction , organic miracle has generated high interest levels , both in the u . s . and abroad .
based on the revenues expected through the dynamic growth pattern of its re - insurance subsidiary and the company ' s mining operation , wisdom international projects its 2005 profits to exceed 3 . 5 million dollars ( $ 3 , 500 , 000 ) .
symbol : wsmi
price : $ 1 . 15
expected possible price in next 5 days : $ 3 . 20
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
read this before you do anything else :
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of wsmi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent
to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . expected speculative price should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 23500 from third party ( raginbulls ) to send
this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms .
