Subject: greece based professionals and organizations
you areinvited to
register on training consortiumjoin us by registering for
free as a trainer ,
consultant , or speaker .
and related
businesses , vendorsand
organizations register for free .
fyi . . . press
releaseannouncing a business website that connects
trainers , consultants , speakers and those searching
for professionals . trainingconsortium is a virtual
organization which offers a new level of interaction , primarily in the following
markets : business , management , training , consulting , speaking , human resources ,
personnel and education . it is a free extended relational database that has
grown to include over 3700 members since its first release . it now also includes
a free subscription available to anyone interested in receiving practical
strategies , tips , and techniques from professionals spanning 235 areas of
expertise . over 20 years ago andrew e . schwartz envisioned a
comprehensive management and professional development training organization . now
as ceo of a . e . schwartz associates , located in boston , ma , he has made his
vision a reality . trainingconsortium has become a fast growing and
innovative site that meets a wide range of business world needs . schwartz states
that " this project is the culmination of everything that the training and
development arena can be and what i have been working towards creating since
1980 . " there are no commissions or brokerage fees for revenue
generated through trainingconsortium . trainingconsortium
applies a unique registration process for trainers , consultants , speakers ,
organizations , and vendors . registrants
rank various categories such as industry experience , area of expertise ,
geography , primary target audience , and more , which then provides our users with
the most appropriate search results . " the site allows searchers to choose from
more than 235 areas of expertise and every industry as standardized by sic
codes , " says schwartz . the search is
absolutely free . trainers ,
speakers , organizations , etc can take advantage of unlimited exposure as well as
direct marketing tools . our share - knowledge
feature allows registrants to post practical tips , techniques , and strategies
that we will send via email to all of our searchers . this provides an
opportunity for registrants to entice clientele with their expertise . we
provide membership
packages , which enable our registrants to increase their search counts . have
doubts ? we will give you statistical traffic reports . registrants can also
utilize our large database through cross links
as well as a referral
system . a . e . schwartz
associates and the contributors of trainingconsortium have high
expectations for this playground , offering free
accessibility to what we expect will soon be one of the largest directories
offering a valuable networking medium and invaluable resource to virtually every
business in every industry . please stop in ( trainingconsortium ) / o pr
department , p . o . box 79228 waverley , ma 02479 - 0228 ( 617 ) 926 - 9111 ext .
13 fax : ( 617 ) 926 - 0660
based on our
research , referrals , and list acquisitions , please accept our apology if this
message was sent to you in error .
to unsubscribe simply e - mail :
remove @ trainingconsortium . com with unsubscribe
in the subject line .
