Subject: from ade williams / urgent attention
ade williams
federal ministry of mines and power
federal secretariat ikoyi lagos , nigeria
tel : 234 1 764432
private email : adewilliamsuks @ hotmail . com
dear friend ,
i am pleased to send my greetings to you . i know this
letter will definitely come to you as a surprise
package . i am extending this proposal to you in my
capacity as chairman of the contract review / audit committee scrutinizing all
record covering executed contract awarded by previous military government of
nigeria . my colleagues and i have uncovered a floating amount of
usd $ 10 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( ten million , five
hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) , without a clear
beneficiary owing to a deliberate act of over
invoicing and inflating of contract value by some
government officials this money ( usd $ 10 . 5 m ) , has
already been approved for payment by the ministry of
mines , power and steel and is secured under contract
no : mmp / fgn / vl 233 / alscon - 29 , job completion certificate no :
677000000242 mmps / c of 17 th oct . 2001 .
as top civil servants , we are not authorized to operate
foreign bank account and this is why we want to use
your bank account to transfer this money outside
nigeria . we have accepted you as our foreign partner and will
now regularize the approvals to you as the trust
beneficiary of the contract sum . as soon as we receive
your acceptance , we shall inform you of the necessary
requirements from you to facilitate the transfer . let us use this
opportunity and export the benefit of this sum . we have resolved to give you
20 % of the total sum as compensation for your
assistance , 70 % is for me and my partners here in nigeria , 10 % is set aside
to cover every expenses made in the course of the transaction . to be
enclosed in your reply are the following :
1 . your company name , address , phone and fax numbers
2 . your bankers name , address , phone and fax numbers ,
3 . account number and beneficiary ;
4 . your private phone and fax numbers for easy communication ; contact me
immediate you receive this letter through my direct fax number written above
so that i can reach you with detailed information on the next line of
action . we are looking forward to your favorable response .
yours faithfully ,
ade williams
