Subject: get back to me
mr . joshua nkosi ,
absa bank limited ,
johannesburg , south africa .
dear sir ,
i am mr . joshua nkosi , manager of bills / exchange at the
foreign remittance department of absa bank . in my department , we
discovered an abandoned sum of us $ 14 , 700 , 000 . 00 ( fourteen million , seven hundred thousand united state dollars only ) in an account that belonged to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family , on november
1996 , in a ghastly plane crash , and he happened to be a foreigner . since we got the information about his death , we have been expecting his next - of - kin to come over and claim his money
because we can not release it unless somebody applied for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our
banking guidelines . unfortunately , nobody has come forward to claim this money .
it is based on this that some officials in my department and i have decided to establish a cordial business relationship
with you , hence by contacting you . we want you to present yourself as the next of kin through your relation with the deceased , so that the funds can be remitted into your account .
moreover , we do not want the money to go into the government account as unclaimed bills . the banking law and guidelines here
stipulates that any account abandoned or is dormant for a period of years , is deemed closed and all money contained therein forfeited to the government treasury account .
now , it is being speculated that the above sum will be
transferred into the government account as an unclaimed fund on or before the end of this financial quarterof 2005 , when nobody come forward to lay claims . the reason for requesting you to
present yourself as next of kin , is occasioned by , the fact that the deceased ( customer ) was a foreigner , and we have
access to his detailed bio data which you will hold as a weapon to present yourself as the next of kin .
the mode of sharing after a successful transfer of the money into your account , shall be 70 % to my colleagues and i , for the
role you will be expected to play in this deal , we have agreed to give you 25 % of the total sum and 5 % for the expenses we are going to encounter by the two parties in the course of this transaction . therefore , you are expected to reply this letter indicating your readiness and interest to participate in this business . after receiving your reply , you will be communicated to with the exact steps to take .
i expect your urgent response through my email address : joshuakosi @ maktoob . com . and i shall contact you for further discussion on this matter , to enable us conclude this transaction urgently without any delay or hitch .
please treat this business proposal as strictly
confidential for security reasons considering my official position in absa bank .
personal regards ,
mr . joshua nkosi .
