Subject: stock maven news - letter
$ get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy the
rumor and sell on the news . once the news is out it is time to get
ready for next rally . . . $
hot stocks - investor alert ! ! !
symbol : cgky
timing is everything !
profits of 300 - 400 % expected
trading symbol : cgky
opening price : $ . 16
10 day target : $ . 60
las vegas - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 3 , 2005 - - carnegie cooke company , inc . ( cgky . pk )
is in the process of acquiring two new locations in niteroi , the island city adjoining rio de janeiro .
niteroi is one of the most affluent suburbs in brazil . its population is greater than 500 , 000
with a daily average of 300 , 000 commuters . these potential new locations are in addition
to the existing domestic revenue generating otb ' s currently being expanded in campos and macae .
carnegie cooke recently signed a three year contract , with an option for three additional years ,
for exclusivity with the jockey club de campus to operate both domestic and international simulcast signals
related to the turf industry throughout the state of rio de janeiro .
with ownership of the campus facility , the domestic betting signal allows access
to forty existing accredited domestic simulcast signal otb ' s within the state of rio de janeiro .
management is in the process of analyzing these sites for the inclusion into its expanding otb network .
a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in
just one trade if you trade out at the top . cgky should be one of the most
profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has
potential to move in either direction in big wings . this means you should be able to buy at the
lows and sell at the highs for months to come .
* * * make no mistake : our mission at hot - stocks - investors is to claw our way through
the thousands of underperforming companies out there to find the golden needle in the haystack
the micro - cap diamond that can make you rich . more often than not , the stocks we profile show
a significant increase in stock price and sometimes in days , not months or years .
if you are receiving this email , you are among the first public investors to know about
cgky ! ! ! we wish you luck and remember the saying , trade at the top ! ! !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward
looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
