Subject: the new taber ' s cyclopedic medical dictionary - 20 th edition !
new product announcement from handheldmed . com ! ! !
available
now for smartphones , pdas and desktop pcs !
supports all palm , windowsmobile , symbian and other
smartphone os ' s as well as windows for the pc .
the new taber ' s
cyclopedic medical dictionary - 20 th edition !
( handheldmed mobipocket )
with image file add - on pack ! only from handheldmed !
for more than 65 years ,
taber ' s has provided students and practitioners with the definitions and
information they need to provide superior care for their patients :
56 , 000 definitions
with 2 , 400 brand new to the 20 th edition almost 50 % more
than our nearest competitor
more than 6 , 000 revised terms
700 superior illustrations with more than 500 in full color
100 more patient care sections new !
cautions statements added to almost 350 terms bold and in a second
color
new and revised appendices , including nutrition , complementary medicine ,
and appendix 13 , which explains the roles of the health professions health
care team members new !
improved placement of multi - word entries ( for example , chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease and irritable bowel syndrome are now listed in natural
word order ) new !
almost 30 , 000 pronunciations of new and current terms
more colorful interior design new !
easier to understand definitions new !
publisher : f . a . davis
click
here for more information
download trial
$ buy
check out the new handheldmed website !
www . handheldmed . com
some of the new features you will find include :
1 . enhanced customer education
2 . improved site navigation
3 . seamless download , installation , and registration on
windows pc and mac os
4 . re - engineered on - line support structure
5 . shopping cart secured by verisign .
and remember . . . e - book conversion to mobipocket
as of january 1 , 2006 , handheldmed will migrate to the
mobipocket reader platform exclusively . unfortunately due to some licensing
constraints , we will not be able to convert all of our existing titles
from the ez reader platform . watch for more information on which of these
titles this will affect .
groups institutions
for group or institutional volume discount pricing or
any questions about the new features and functionality of these new
handheldmed editions :
please contact susan jones : susanj @ handheldmed . com
every possible effort is made
to send only to those on our subscriber list .
if you received this message in error , please accept our apologies and
select the following link
immediately unsubscribe
if that link fails , send an email to unsubscribe @ handheldcorp . com
