Subject: message subject
epipharma , inc . otc : ephm
the number of
uninsured is predicted to increase to 53 million by 2010
a sneak preview of a undiscovered company that is
poised to explode with the answers
this is your chance to be a sneak .
yes a sneak . . . . this is your chance
to sneak into the market before the big boys pick up on this newly
featured company otc : ephm a undiscovered company that is
poised to explode .
the street has not yet picked up on otc :
ephm yet , but we are certain that they will . . . .
all of us see offers on companies for us to
buy into that claim to be the next big winner of the year , making claims that
you will make 200 % - 400 % in a matter of days or weeks on your money , this simply does not happen . . . . most
of the time
we are not going to tell you in the case of
otc : ephm that you
are will earn 200 % - 400 % in a day or a week , however epipharma presents a
fantastic opportunity for all of our readers to sneak into the market and get
the edge on this one well ahead of the big boys .
recent press
epipharma and strategic healthcare systems sign letter of
intent to merge
scottsdale , ariz . - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 8 , 2005 - - epipharma , inc .
( epipharma ) ( otc : ephm ) has signed a letter of intent to merge with strategic
healthcare systems , inc . ( shs ) , a healthcare management company that manages and
operates quality healthcare clinics in predominantly urban areas of california .
shs is a healthcare management company founded in 1996 by dr . albert a . gomez
to provide solutions to uninsured americans and change the way in which
healthcare is marketed and delivered in america . shs is organized as a virtual ,
vertically integrated healthcare delivery system that coordinates the
interaction of physicians , patients and ancillary medical service providers in a
manner that is efficient and cost effective . the company currently manages
medical clinics , diagnostic centers and clinical laboratories located in san
jose , san francisco , concord and salinas , california . shs lowers healthcare
costs by passing the savings gained from the advances in medicine and diagnostic
technology through to the patient .
commenting on this transaction , neil reithinger , president of epipharma ,
stated , our intent with epipharma was to find the right fit with a partner such
as shs that is established and profitable in the healthcare arena . uninsured
americans deserve the opportunity to have the kind of affordable and quality
healthcare that shs has been providing to the community . their multiple revenue
streams and sustained growth are a testament to the overall strength of their
business plan . now , as part of a public company , shs will have the opportunity
to finance their growth . shs intends to develop more clinics in california and
markets in other states to provide more americans with affordable medical
services .
some additional facts to help you be a sneak
the
u . s . census bureau data showed that the number of uninsured in the u . s . reached
45 million in 2003 which is a 3 . 2 % increase over 2002 . the number of uninsured
is predicted to increase to 53 million by 2010 if the situation does not change .
there are 7
million uninsured californians according to american health line . hispanics
make - up the highest percentage of the uninsured in america and california
according to the 2000 chart book prepared by the kaiser family foundation .
the california state department of finance demographic research unit projects
that the number of hispanics will grow from 10 million in 2000 to over 17
million by 2020 .
the company
currently manages medical clinics , diagnostic centers and clinical laboratories
located in san jose , san francisco , concord and salinas , california . shs lowers
healthcare costs by passing the savings gained from the advances in medicine and
diagnostic technology through to the patient .
eighty percent
of all healthcare expenditures in the u . s . are initiated by a doctor ' s
prescription . shs captures the prescribing loyalty of physicians by giving them
four things that help fulfill his or her professional and personal needs :
more time to see more patients or spend at
home with the family ; increased revenue for financial stability ; access
to technology and electronic medical records ; and systems to remain in
compliance with hipaa and osha rules and regulations .
shs ' s
target market is patients who pay cash for their medical care at the point of
service . this market segment includes the uninsured , underinsured patients with
high deductibles , patients wanting access to health screening and preventative
care , and patients seeking second opinions because they are dissatisfied with
their hmo or managed care health plans . the emerging consumer driven health
care paradigm will dramatically increase the demand for low - cost medical
services . eighty
percent of all healthcare expenditures in the u . s . are initiated by a doctor ' s
prescription . shs captures the prescribing loyalty of physicians by giving them
four things that help fulfill his or her professional and personal needs :
more time to see more patients or spend at
home with the family ; increased revenue for financial stability ; access
to technology and electronic medical records ; and systems to remain in
compliance with hipaa and osha rules and regulations .
shs
addresses the american healthcare crisis : advances in medical technology ,
increasing consumer demand for state - of - the - art medical treatment and the rising
number of uninsured are being blamed for spiraling medical costs in the u . s .
the pressures of rising medical costs is forcing the healthcare industry to
change the way in which it delivers healthcare in america in the 21 st
century .
epipharma offers a
terrific opportunity to maximize your rewards , be a sneak before the street jumps ahead of you . look for a
update on this company shortly .
to rmv or unsbscrb go 2 www . maniactrader . com
information within this email contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express
or involve with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and maybe forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections
at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially
from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may
be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee ,
expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates ,
or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur .
all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be
construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the
interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by the
company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . lookat the news
releases by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of ephm shares prior
to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of
these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements
have been made regarding the above company .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation
or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this
newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any
broker or dealer . this newsletter has received payment of 4 million shares from
a third party for a sixty day advertising campaign . all statements made are our express opinion
only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any
securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of
1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will ,
move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . the content contained in
this letter has been compiled from information in public record .
