Subject: from mr johnson
to : president / ceo
from : johnson kabila
johannesburg , south africa
family business investment
dear . . . . . . ,
this letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person
nor by correspondence . but i believe it is one day that you get to know
somebody either in physical or through correspondence . i got your contact
through some discreet inquiry from the chamber of commerce and industry , you
and your organization were revealed as being quite astute in private
entrepreneurship , one has no doubt in your ability to handle a financial business
transaction . however , i wish to introduce myself , i am johnson kabila the son of the
late democratic republic of congo president laurent desire kabila of the
blessed memory . i know this letter might come to you as a surprise but i
honestly do not intend to surprise you . i write this letter in respect of my
intention to invest the sum of us $ 28 m ( twenty - eight million united state dollars )
with you . i inherited this money from my mother . this money was got through
the smuggling and sale of diamond and timber when my father was the head of
state . my mother though not her legal wife used her privilege position to
engage in the business of diamond and timber since she knows that her survival
will depend on how much she can get out of the privilege situation . when my father was assassinated on 16 th jan . 01 by one of his bodyguards
lt . rashidi kasereke through the conspiracy of some top army officers that wanted
to topple him i escaped to south africa because of the fear that i might
be arrested by my half brother lt . general joseph kabila the present head
of state . actually his mother and my mother are not in the best of
relationship because of who among them will be the first lady tussle and this
ultimately affected us their children . considering the relationship between south africa and the democratic
republic of congo new government , my mother advised me to leave for south africa
for security reason , while the funds were deposited with a security company
in madrid spain . on getting to south africa where i have been living since then as a
political refugee i am seeking for a reliable foreigner who can assist me in
moving this money out for safe banking and profitable investment . honestly i
contacted you because i don ' t want to invest this money in south africa due to my
status here as a political refugee . and moreover i wouldn ' t want to take risk
because this money is all that i and my mother is depending on because my half
brother has seized all my father ' s assets and money and left i and my mother
empty handed without knowing about this funds deposited at the security
company in madrid spain so that is why i decided that investing this money
abroad should be the best investment for me . i will be honored if i can be
given the privilege of investing this money with your help . in view of this plight , i expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough
to respond to this distress call to save my mother and i from a hopeless
future . and if you agree , i hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid
effort in this regard with 20 % of the total money and annual 5 % of the after
tax returns on investment for the first three years . thereafter , the term
shall be varied . 5 % for expenses , which may arise during the transaction , fax
and phone bills inclusive . $ 28 million us dollars . when the money
( $ 28 million ) is moved into your discrete account , you will be allowed to draw 20 %
your favor , while the remaining 75 % will be invested meaningfully for our
future if possible in your area of business and deterrents sectors of the
economy in your country which are dividends yielding . whatever your decision is please reach me immediately through my private
phone or email , and keep this letter tight secret for the interest of my
family . best regards ,
johnson kabila ( for the family )
