Subject: [ avfs ] romanian software production & export
to : avfs @ fazekas . hu
attn : marketing department
from : i . q . software - bucharest
ref . : romanian software production & export
our anti - spamming company policy :
never bother you again
to remove your e - mail address from the present
contact list just do not reply to this message .
if you receive this message by mistake and / or you are not interested
in the following brief presentation , please accept our apologies .
this is a world - wide promotion campaign . the selected e - mail addresses
are extracted only from the commercial websites of the targeted markets .
we would like to offer you for consideration our brief presentation .
we are looking for a marketplace in your country .
to communicate with us please reply using
the plain text format in the body of the message
> > > mentioning your specific inquiry / offering demand > > company name , address , phone
- man - power ;
- data - entry ;
- mapdrawing ;
- outsourcing .
* so that you would be able to have an idea of our skills
we present you some of our current projects :
the situs system ( informative of tribunals bureaus of supervision )
was realized for informative administration of activities typical
for tribunals and bureaus of supervision for ministry of justice - italy
( microsoft visual basic 6 . 0 , database : oracle 8 . 0 ) .
the ice system foresaw the resigtering of the italian - romanian companies
on romanian territory . the application is constituted by a browser which
allows the navigation and provides some additional skills , advanced search
on varied criterious which are created in a dynamic way by the user
( visualbasic 6 . 0 , database : access 97 ) .
museum - the main request from the museum was to handle ( multimedia )
documents in specific formats on different operating system and platforms
( c + + , html , corba idl , orb : orbacus ) .
library ( national library of firenze ) - informatical system for managing
and labeling the ancient bibliographical materials
( power builder , database : oracle ) .
interflora - communication and management system ; consists in some
applications and services which allows the communication between
the flowerist man from italy and international association of flowerists
( visual basic 6 . 0 ) .
audit office - the realization of a porting which foresaw 16 bit controls
for substitution with 32 bit controls , introduction of new activex controls ,
substitution of formula 1 with native controls of visual basic 6 . 0 .
unico - the program foresaw the possibility of acquisition from images
of more than 60 models of unico and iva
( fiscal declarations ) - ( delphi 4 . 0 . database : sql ) .
ministry of finance - fiscal documentation - the objective is
the easy access to the italian legislation and its consulting .
the application based on a client / server architecture , using a network
communication ( sockets ) for data exchange with the server ( visual c + + ) .
foreign ministry - economical application -
this application is conceived as a group of projects .
administration
balance - sheets
dispositions of payment
foreign expenses
synthetically dates
servers
( visual basic 6 . 0 , database : sql server 7 . 0 )
sogei - the administration of the custom houses .
this application is created for the financial administration of the
peripherical offices at the customhouse ( java , html , database : oracle 8 . 0 ) .
iccrea - application of processing development of the
bank - procedures on mainframe ( cobol / cics / db 2 ) .
telecom - microfilm data acquisition .
registering numbers and subscribers .
anagrafica - acquisition from images of dates and personal information .
italian ministry of finance - data acquisition
from images of medical prescription .
iq register - acquisition of information from images
and optics archives of documentation .
* we had been offering for the entire veneto region ,
the following professional system engineers :
ambiente bull gcos 8 : systematical and special assistance
in interel rfm , sql , infoedge .
ambiente bull / reti : systematical and special assistance
of regional networks for datanet , l . a . n . , x . 25 ,
dsa , mainway transmission , telematical networks .
ambiente unix : 2 unix system operators with knowledge of gcos 6 .
* we have been offering for the meteorology institute of padova
the following professional system engineers :
ambiente digital / unix : systematical and special assistance
for dec vax / vms and unix systems with strong enough knowledge
of informix and c programming .
ambiente / decnet / windows : systematical and special assistance
for dec vax / vms and windows with knowledge in financial administration
of local networks , in financial administration and configuration of
communication systems ( router , bridge , gateway , etc ) and of products
of exchange data , in financial administration and configuration of
interface systems of internet .
therefore , to increase our presence to the international
market we took part in the inter - governmental program
between the united states and romania .
thus , we participated to the international meeting of both
romanian and american it companies on lst november 2001 due
to the kind initiative of both governments .
the reason of this program , of the meeting mentioned above and of the
initiatives that followed was to offer a new way for outsourcing ,
more convenient than the indian one to american software companies .
our company , already present on american market , is interested to be
a potential partner and one of most interested in cooperating with
american it companies .
our main interest is both on the american and european market .
our managing staff after visiting italy managed to establish relations
with this country for our curent projects .
on the other side a marketing tour has already been established
in the usa in the month of may for any possible projects .
that is why we might be able to directly discuss with you any new project .
we ' d appreciate your feed - back containing detailed contact coordinates :
company name , address , phone and fax numbers , contact person , web - site .
our area of interest : software production export
we wish to express our availability to work under the client ' s brand .
please don ' t hesitate to send us your specific inquiry / offering demand .
we ' ll be happy to provide you the lowest prices in the field .
thanking you for your time and looking forward to your reply ,
we wish you all the best .
i . q . software staff
avfs mailing list
avfs @ csibe . fazekas . hu
