Subject: you can gain from lowest interest rates in 30 years
certain chances only come around every few
decades or so . this is one . why you ask ?
because home loan rates are headed up .
have you locked in the lowest rate , in almost
thirty years , for your present home loan ?
rates haven ' t been this low in a long time . they
may well never be this low again . this is your
chance to secure a better future . you could
literally save enough money to buy that new car
you ' ve been wanting or to take that special
vacation . why wouldn ' t you jump at this chance ?
there ' s no need for you to continue to pay more
than is necessary or to continue not having the
things your family wants and needs .
we ' re a nationwide mortgage lender . we ' re not a
broker . and we can guarantee you the best rate
and the best deal possible for you . but only
if you take action today .
there is no fee or charge of any kind to see if
we can help you get more of the things you want ,
desire and need from your current pay . you can
easily determine if we can help you in just a few
short minutes . we only provide information in
terms so simple that anyone can understand them .
you won ' t need to be a lawyer to see the savings ,
this we promise .
we offer both first and second home loans and we
will be happy to show you why your current loan
is the best for you . or why you should replace
it . and once again , there ' s no risk for you . none
at all .
take a couple of minutes and use the link below
that works for you . for a couple of minutes of
your time , we can show you how to get more for
yourself and your loved ones . don ' t lose this
chance . please take action now .
click _ here
sincerely ,
james w . minick
mortbanc , inc .
your favorite stores , helpful shopping tools and great gift ideas . experience the convenience of buying online with shop @ netscape ! http : / / shopnow . netscape . com /
get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com /