Subject: request for transfer assistance
from : dr . ben kokori
compliments of the season . i would like to firstly send to you the best wishes of good health and success in your pursuits particularly through my proposal as contained in this letter . before going into details of my proposal to you , i must first implore you to treat with the utmost confidentiality , as this is required for its success .
my colleagues and i are senior officials of the federal government of nigeria ’ s contracts review panel ( crp ) who are interested in diverting some funds that are presently floating in the accounts of the central bank of nigeria .
in order to commence this transaction , we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer into your nominated account the said floating funds . we are determined to conclude the transfer before the end of this quarter of 2002 . the source of the funds is as follows : during the last military regime in nigeria , government officials set up companies and awarded themselves contracts that were grossly over - invoiced in various ministries and parastatals . the present civilian government set up the contract review panel , which has the mandate to use the instruments of payments made available to it by the decree setting up the panel , to review these contracts and if necessary pay those who are being owed outstanding amounts . my colleagues and i have identified quite a huge sum of these funds which are presently floating in the central bank of nigeria ready for disbursement and would like to divert some of it for our own purposes . however , by virtue of our positions as civil servants !
and members of this panel , we cannot acquire these funds in our names or in the names of companies that are based in nigeria . i have therefore been mandated , as a matter of trust by my colleagues in the panel , to look for a reliable overseas partner into whose account we can transfer the sum of u . s . $ 25 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty five million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) . that is why i am writing you this letter .
we have agreed to share the money to be transferred into your account , if you agree with our proposition as follows ; ( i ) 20 % to the account owner ( you ) . ( ii ) 70 % for us ( the panel officials ( iii ) 10 % to be used in settling all expenses ( by both you and us ) incidental to the actualization of this project .
we wish to invest our share of the proceeds of this project in foreign stock markets and other business till we are ready and able to have access to them without raising any eyebrows here at home . please note that this transaction is 100 % safe and risk - free . we
intend to effect the transfer within fourteen ( 14 ) banking days from the date of receipt of the following information through the fax number stated above _ - : your bank ' s name , company ’ s name , address , telephone and fax numbers and the account number into which the funds should be paid . the above information will enable us write letters of claim and job description respectively . this way , we will use your company ’ s name to apply for the payment and backdate the award of the contract to your company . we are looking forward to doing this transaction with you and we solicit for your utmost confidentiality in this transaction .
please acknowledge the receipt of this letter using my direct telephone number 234 1775 5791 and my america internet fax number 240 744 0416 or 801 516 7986 only .
it was acquired for the purpose of confidentiality . i will bring you into a more detailed picture of this transaction when i hear from you .
best regards ,
ben kokori