Subject: look ten yrs younger and get paid for it ! lwl
get paid for it !
looking for ambitious leaders in your area
to market and distribute our new , hot , patented , exclusive product . our income opportunity is a once - in - a - lifetime timing issue . if you have a burning desire to change your financial future … just click at “ click here ” below and enter ” we will immediately send you information sufficient for you to make an educated business decision as to whether this is for you or not . ambitious leaders include your name , phone number ( s ) , and the best time of day for us to call for just one follow - up visit ,
no hype … no obligation … introducing the “ look good duo ” … . our exclusive ”
new patented product is designed to repair skin damage & rejuvenate tissue !
successfully addresses wrinkles , dark circles , age spots , fine lines , lesions , spider veins , skin tags , scar tissue , cellulite , stretch marks , and more for most people the “ lookgoodduo ” is hypoallergenic !
research , which began many years ago , has concluded that ellagic acid , derived from a compound called ellagitannins , is a very powerful substance . the highest concentration of ellagitannins are found in raspberry seeds . the delivery of the ellagitannins , however , is the key to the effectiveness of the product . we use raspberry seed materials processed using a patented method , which is the only method that guarantees the maximum delivery of available phytoestrogens , polyphenols , and antioxidants .
ellagic acid from raspberry seed ellagitannins is the most powerful and complete polyphenolic , phytoestrogen , antioxidant material yet discovered ! these plant based compounds , or phytoestrogens , when absorbed , provide many beneficial effects including stimulation of collagen formation .
it is now known that the powerful agents in the raspberry seed materials tone the tiny blood vessels under the eye and decrease the release of the brown chemical pigment . the results are a decrease the appearance of the dark circles under the eyes . these materials also help to decrease the appearance of " age " brown spots , while smoothing wrinkles , strengthening hair and nails , and supporting many other significant health issues !
cellulite is simply fat that is tethered down because certain cells in our skin are stimulated by estrogens . the phytoestrogens , polyphenols , and antioxidants from both oral and topical sources of ellagic acid interfere with that tethering process resulting in a smoother skin surface .
we offer this patented material in both a tablet and a topical cream . taken both internally and externally , it is easy to understand how they can achieve such obvious results so quickly , working from the inside - out and from the outside - in . happy users report a healthy “ glow ” which they have never achieved with any other product !
product testimonials
i ' ve been using the product for a little over a month . i took the " 2 face challenge ' , and i could tell a difference in only 3 days ! the lines on my face and the pores had changed ! i have had people compliment my fingernails . they have been growing like crazy ! c . c . , oh
this is a unique , one of a kind product . i have been using it 3 weeks and i can truly see a difference in the liver spots on my hands . the prescription from my dermatologist didn ' t do it , but this product did . m . f . , ms
i have been watching myself very closely , and since using the product , the brown spots on my hand have just about disappeared . the smile lines and the eyelids have really tightened up . no more problems putting my eyeliner on ! the skin under my chin has really tightened up . this is not hard work , it is just sharing the product with family and friends . i have never been rewarded so quickly and so well . e . p . , ca
k . d . , tx
i was queen of skeptical . i did not want to try this . i am a 54 yr old grandmother . i have tried everything for years to get rid of cellulite - the creams , the wraps - nothing worked . my husband kept telling me to try this . finally i did it just to get him off my back . i had not worn shorts for 5 years . after about 10 days , my husband started telling me my legs were looking better . i thought he was just being nice since he got me into this . then i went shopping , and in the lights in the dressing room , for the first time in a long time i looked pretty good . i went into the next dressing room , because i thought the lights were wrong , but i still looked good . i ended up buying shorts , and have been wearing shorts for the lst time in 5 years . yes , it works ! ! g . c . , tx
we just had a booth at the women ’ s expo in dallas . out of the 300 or 400 exhibitors there , the only other spot that had the people we did were the ones giving out free food . v . c . , tx
i did the 1 side of the face test , and i did not tell my spouse that i was doing it . we went to get some fast food . he was looking at me , and said “ i can tell you which side you are using it on . it ’ s your right side . ” i asked what made him think so , and he said the lines around my mouth and eyes have softened , and the fine lines around my neck . we are tickled , because everyone we talk to wants it ! j . d . , tx
“ after using your product for less than a week , i ran into a friend who asked me what i was doing to look so young ! i have a full - time job , but i have made $ 8 , 000 since starting this business part time ! “ t . h . , tx
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
” i have found a system that works . i have 44 people in my group in less than a month ! in one month i made over $ 6 , 000 ! “ b . m . , nh
” i am receiving 6 checks a month , and i do not even know where they are coming from ! ” w . t . , tx
” i have been in the company 3 weeks , and already have over 20 people in my group . this is the easiest thing i have ever done . all i do is tell them my story and give them the hotline number . ” - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
at a restaurant , i went to the restroom with a girlfriend and was telling her about what this product does . we went back to the table , and in a few minutes 2 women walked up to me . they said they were in the stalls and overheard us talking , and wanted some of the product . i gave them a brochure , and noticed they went to 2 different tables . they weren ' t even together ! j . m . , tx
. . . / / want a product that actually works … but cannot get anywhere else ? ? . . \ \ \ \
this will be the first ever moved through network marketing . stake your claim now !
# # # # # # # # # # . . click here for free no obligation info : . . # # # # # # # # # # #
* * * * mailto : youngerl 0 years @ yahoo . com ? subject = subscribe - im - your - leader * * * *
your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list please click on reply with remove in the suject “ remove me ” , below , and click send .
xdhjmhoawofjkngdtfesh