Subject: a situation that could revolutionize the health care industry
date : tuesday , july 9 , 2002
rapid
growth health care company : stock symbol “ ibxg ” trading around
16 cents
market watch corporation
revenues
to soar over 500 % to $ 18 million for
otc - bb " ibxg "
acquisition of two cybercare , inc . operating units moves forward
otc - bb symbol : ibxg
shares outstanding ( est . ) :
38 , 983 , 380
float ( est . ) : 7 , 887 , 966
recent price : 16 cents
year low / high :
$ 0 . 10 - $ 0 . 90
contact : 561 - 998 - 3435
websites : market
watch corporation , ibx group , inc .
press releases :
ibxg
press releases
a
situation that could revolutionize the health care industry
strong health care sector growth
most investors desire to be in a stock from the beginning
of its growth , “ ibxg ” is one of those opportunities .
revenues to increase over 500 %
to over $ 18 million from $ 3 million with its
pending acquisition of 47 physical therapy outpatient centers and
institutional pharmacy businesses , currently owned by cybercare ,
inc . “ ibxg ” also just announced a national alliance
with patient - pay . com
that will enable “ ibxg ” to market its services on a
national scale . we believe the potential is enormous for this expanding
dynamic health care information technology company .
health care sector rerepresents 15 % of the total us
gross domestic product while inflation
in the us has been around 2 % per year , the us health care ’ s
inflationary rate rose over 11 % per year . health care costs are
spiraling out of control . “ ibxg ” provides technology
based products and services in full compliance with newly mandated
government requirements ( hipaa ) , that help medical professionals
save time and money , by utilizing “ ibxg ” s state of the
art systems .
understanding hipaa
the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996
( public law 104 - 191 ) ,
also known as hipaa , was enacted as part of a broad congressional
attempt at incremental healthcare reform . part of the law requires
the us dept . of health and human services ( dhhs ) to develop standards
and requirements for maintenance and transmission of health information
that identifies individual patients . the requirements outlined by
the law are far - reaching for all healthcare organizations that maintain
or transmit electronic health information must comply . “ ibxg ”
offers all health care providers with a viable , already in place
solution to “ hipaa ” compliance .
ibxg specializes in health data management
it is a huge market comprised of over one million health care professionals .
this company has emerged , with solutions to many problems facing
the health care industry , by providing health care professionals
the ability to deliver outstanding patient care with optimum efficiency .
in past years , venture capitalists have invested more than $ 20 billion
in information technology companies , confirming a very large financial
interest in the health care sector .
will ibxg revolutionize the health care industry ?
they could . virtually every aspect of the way health care is delivered
is impacted in a positive fashion , by ibxg ' s technology . ibxg has
developed and deployed innovative , cost - effective methods for integrating
financial , administrative and information services for the health
care industry . utilizing in - house development capabilities combined
with the latest technologies and internet – based communication
services , “ ibxg ” assists hospital - based physician groups ,
multi - physician specialty practice and health care service organizations
in managing the efficiency of account receivable , workflow and compliance . virtually
every aspect of the way health care is delivered . imagine your doctor
being able to access your medical records from any location , anywhere
in the world . . . instantly !
outstanding
recent developments
revenues to increase over 500 % to $ 18
million .
national alliance with patient - pay . com .
wall street corporate reporter interview , available
here
july 15 , 2002 .
significant gains in quarterly year to year revenues .
extension of agreements with intracoastal health systems and
providence hospital ( one of ascension
health group ’ s 87 affiliated hospitals ) .
increased revenues with cerberus capital management , l . p . , a
multi - billion dollar new york hedge fund .
service contract with mdvip ,
mdvip was featured in an nbc nightly news tom
brokaw interview .
acquired sportshealthnet . com .
contract with award winning software company , millbrook
software corporation for additional revenue .
two national product launches were announced , one for the
$ 1 . 5 billion durable medical equipment industry and the
other a proprietary online consumer medical reports and information
service .
alliance with sun
capital that will allow ibxg to offer accounts receivable
funding programs nationwide .
extended partnership alliance with advanced information technologies
that taps the $ 5 billion document management industry .
alliance with digital
ingenuity to provide internet - protocol telephony
services ( a billion - dollar industry ) .
disclaimer
& disclosure : market watch corporation is not a registered
financial advisory . the information presented by market watch corporation
is not an offer to buy or sell securities . market watch corporation accumulates
information based from public sources and the advertised company , then
distributes opinions and comments . penny stocks are considered to be highly
speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors .
market watch corporation may hold positions in companies mentioned and
may buy or sell at any time . this profile of ibxg was a paid advertisement
by ibxg . ibxg has paid market watch corporation $ 3 , 500 for this advertisement
and 750 , 000 restricted shares for investor awareness services for one
year , an affiliated company of market watch corporation has been paid
250 , 000 restricted shares of ibxg stock from a third party shareholder .
please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any
decisions . information within this advertisement contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 ( e ) of the u . s . securities
act of 1933 and section 21 ( g ) of the u . s . securities exchange act of 1934
and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those
presently anticipated . forward looking statements may be identified through
the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
or by statements indicating certain actions may , could or might occur .
we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information
available at the web sites of the u . s . securities and exchange commission
( sec ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the
national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com .
readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ’ s
edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully
at its web site .
you are receiving
this message because you subscribed on one of our partner sites using the
refer a friend page . we value privacy as our clients demand it and we
will gladly unsubscribe you upon request . to send a request , simply
click here and follow directions . we
guarantee that you will be unsubscribed within 48 hours . nurel is
only the delivery source for this message . under sec rules , we are
required to inform you that we were paid three thousand five hundred
dollars ( us ) for our services which is limited to the delivery of this
message only .
thank you .
( c ) 2002 nurel
applyleads v 3 . 2 commercial e - mail list manager .
http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork