Subject: an alternative to mlm that works
greetings !
you are receiving this letter because you have expressed an interest in
receiving information about online business opportunities . if this is
erroneous then please accept my most sincere apology . this is a one - time
mailing , so no removal is necessary .
if you ' ve been burned , betrayed , and back - stabbed by multi - level
marketing , mlm , then please read this letter . it could be the most
important one that has ever landed in your inbox .
multi - level marketing is a huge mistake for most people
mlm has failed to deliver on its promises for the past 50 years . the
pursuit of the " mlm dream " has cost hundreds of thousands of people their
friends , their fortunes and their sacred honor . the fact is that mlm is
fatally flawed , meaning that it cannot work for most people .
the companies and the few who earn the big money in mlm are not going to
tell you the real story . finally , there is someone who has the courage to
cut through the hype and lies and tell the truth about mlm .
here ' s good news
there is an alternative to mlm that works , and works big ! if you haven ' t
yet abandoned your dreams , then you need to see this . earning the kind of
income you ' ve dreamed about is easier than you think !
with your permission , i ' d like to send you a brief letter that will tell
you why mlm doesn ' t work for most people and will then introduce you to
something so new and refreshing that you ' ll wonder why you haven ' t heard
of this before .
i promise that there will be no unwanted follow up , no sales pitch , no one
will call you , and your email address will only be used to send you the
information . period .
to receive this free , life - changing information , simply click reply , type
" send info " in the subject box and hit send . i ' ll get the information to
you within 24 hours . just look for the words mlm wall of shame in your
inbox .
cordially ,
looking 4 money
p . s . someone recently sent the letter to me and it has been the most
eye - opening , financially beneficial information i have ever received . i
honestly believe that you will feel the same way once you ' ve read it . and
it ' s free !