Subject: re : got ink ? 21846
what have you been up to ?
i don ' t know about you , but i am sick and tired of going
down to the store to find out that your printer cartridges
cost more than the printer itself ! i know how you feel
- i print over 500 pages a day , and it feels like there is
a vacuum sucking money out of my wallet ! now , this has got
to stop because i know it doesn ' t cost the printer companies
anywhere near what it costs me to do my office and school work !
well , it finally has . the superink solution .
you ' re probably thinking to yourself , " gosh darn , not another
cheap knockoff printer cartridge ! " like you , i was very
skeptical at first , but my best friend & business associate
said it helped her save over $ 100 a month on printer supplies .
so i tried it . i mean , there was nothing to lose because they
offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee , up to a one - year warranty
on all of their products and free shipping on all orders !
let me tell you , it was one of the best decisions i ' ve ever made .
period . six months later , as i ' m writing this message to you ,
i ' ve gone from spending $ 1000 dollars a month on printer supplies
to now only $ 475 ! and i haven ' t had to sacrifice the quality or
service that i received from the local office supply store . in fact ,
the service is even better ! i ' ve had 1 defective cartridge since
i started dealing with superink and they sent me a new replacement
within 3 days , no questions asked . now , i can print all i want !
i was so happy with the results that i contacted their manufacturer
and got permission to be a reseller - at a big discount . i want
to help other people to avoid getting jipped by the printer companies
like i did . because a penny saved is a penny earned !
i give you my personal pledge the superink soltuion will absolutely
work for you . if it doesn ' t , you can return your order anytime
for a full refund .
if you are frustrated with dishing out money like it is water to the
printer companies , or tired of poor quality ink & toner cartridges ,
then i recommend - the superink solution .
you ' re probably asking yourself , " ok , so how do we save all this money
without losing quality and service ? "
modern technology has provided superink with unique , revolutionary
methods of wax molding that allow the ink & toner to ' settle ' , which
prevents any substantial damage that would occur during shipping and
handling . nothing " magic " about it - just quality & savings , big savings !
here is the bottom line . . .
i can help you save 30 % - 70 % per week / per month / per year or per lifetime
by purchasing any of our ink & toner supplies . just try it once , you ' ll
keep coming back - there ' s nothing to lose , and much money to be saved !
100 % satisfaction guaranteed . you will be able to print as much as you
want without wasting money or sacrificing quality - guaranteed .
that is my pledge to you .
to order from the superink solution on our secure server , just click
on the link below ( or enter it into your browser ) :
http : / / www . superink . net /
if you have difficulty accessing the website above , please
try contacting us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 - thanks !
sincerely - bruce tipton
if you do not wish to receive any more emails from me , please
send an email to " print 2 @ btamail . net . cn " requesting to be removed .
thank you and sorry for any inconvenience .
