Subject: strictly private .
gooday ,
with warm heart my friend , i send you my greetings , and i hope this letter meets you in good time .
it will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction , which i propose with my free mind and as a person of intergrity . i have kept it to myself for a long time , and now i need to act , as time is not on my side . i want you to open - heartedly read through and give me your most needed support . i got your address from an internet directory , in my search for a contact . i apologize if this is not acceptable to you . the purpose of this letter is to seek your most needed assistance .
my name is donald phiri , the farm supervisor and personal assistant to mr . david stevens , a very popular and rich farmer from macheke , zimbabwe . my master was murdered in cold blood in my presence on 15 of april 2001 , due to the land dispute and political situation in my country , as a result of my master ' s financial support for the mdc ( movement for democratic change ) , the main opposition party to president mugabe ' s party , zimbabwe african national union patriotic front ( zanu - pf ) . for more information on my master ' s murder , you may check the amnesty international country report on zimbabwe for the year 2001 .
when the pressure on white farmers started in zimbabwe due to the support given to the war veterans by president mugabe to invade farms and force out white farmers , my master forsaw the danger ahead , he then closed his major bank accounts , and together , we went to johannesburg , south africa to deposit the sum of $ 14 . 5 million ( fourten million , five hundred thousand usdollars ) , in a private security company , for safety . this money was deposited in a box in my name , as my master was being secretive with his name , as the south african government of thambo mbeki is in support of president mugabe ' s actions . the box is labeled as gemstones . my master had planned to use this money for the purchase of lands , new machines and chemicals for establishment of new farms in botswana . he has used this company in the past to move money for the purchase of tractors and farm equipment from europe . my master is divorced , and his wife valerie , and only child , diana have relocated to bradford , !
en !
gland for 9 years now .
i am currently in the netherlands where i am seeking political asylum . i have now decided to transfer my master ' s money into an account for security and safety reasons . this is why i am anxiously and humbly seeking for your genuine assistance in transfering this money into an account without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything my master left . you have to understand that this decision taken by me entrusts so much to you .
if you accept to assist me , all i want you to do for me , is to make an arrangements with the security company to clear the box containing the money from their office here in the netherlands , and then we will transfer the money into an account . you may open a new account for this purpose . i have applied to the security company to transfer the box from south africa to their branch here , which they have done .
to legally process the claim of the box , i will contact a lawyer to help me prepare a change of ownership and letter of authority to enable them recognise you as my representative , and deliver the box to you . i have with me , the certificate used to deposit the box , which we will need for claiming the box .
for valuable assistance , i am offering you 10 % ( $ 1 , 450 , 000 ) of the total money . i have also set aside 1 % ( $ 145 , 000 ) of this money for all kinds of expenses that come our way in the process of this transaction , and 4 % ( $ 580 , 000 ) , will be given to charity in my master ' s name i will give 25 % ( $ 3 , 625 , 000 ) to valerie and diana , after my share of the money has been transfered back to me . when they grant my asylum application , my share of the money ( 85 % ) , will be transfered back to me , into an account i will solely own . i also intend to start up a business then . if you have knowledge of farming business in your country , or other areas of possible business investment that i may be interested in , please inform me , so that my some of my share of the money can be invested for the time being .
please , i want to you maintain absolute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction due to my safety and successful conclusion of the transaction .
i look forward to your reply and co - operation , and i am sure it will be nice to extend ties with you .
yours sincerely ,
donald phiri .
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
