Subject: weekly stock report vjf
gaming advisor
news july 16 , 2002 i 2 corp enters into research and development agreement with nevada gaming equipment supplier for live remote bingo .
the general feeling of the top internet lawyers and analysts is that " online gambling and sports betting is here to stay . ” attempts at trying to stop it would be largely ineffective ! banning internet gambling and sports betting presents technical and legal problems that governments are ill equipped to enforce .
what ’ s more , there are no competitors for the company ’ s method or technology for remote wagering . i 2 corp is the only company in the world that can legally license its method and technology for remote wagering . i 2 corp is currently negotiating with
major casinos globally .
michael pollock of the pollock gaming resource group ( prrg ) has issued a report studying the effects of live wagering from remote locations . “ the study concludes that live wagering from remote locations does more than create a new source of revenue for sponsoring casinos . additionally , it creates a marketing opportunity , a means to find and cultivate thousands of new customers who can be encouraged to become on - site patrons . ” a copy of the full report in pdf format can be downloaded at http : / / www . gamingobserver . com / .
i 2 corp is the holding company for home gambling network , inc . hgn holds u . s . patent 5 , 800 , 268 , which covers remote wagering on live games and events with electronic financial transactions . the patent is comprised of three primary actions : the gambling is live ; the player is remote and physically away from the actual game or event ; and the winnings and losses are transacted electronically in real time . they include , but are not limited to , horse racing , soccer , bingo , poker , roulette and many other las vegas casino games .
fact : currently there is an overwhelming opinion that remote wagering in real - time will become one of the most profitable / prolific industries worldwide . i 2 corp recently won judgment against giant uunet a subsidiary of mci / worldcom in a u . s . federal court for patent infringement . just another compelling reason why i 2 corp has orphaned their competition ! therefore we conclude i 2 corp ’ s common stock to be overlooked and undervalued !
recommendation : strong buy
i 2 corp
otcbb symbol ( itoo )
recent price . 05 - . 08
52 - week hi - lo . 05 - . 48
short term target price : . 60
this news release contains forward - looking statements as defined by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements include statements concerning plans , objectives , goals , strategies , future events or performance and underlying assumptions , and all statements that are other than statements of historical facts . these statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including , but not limited to , product and service demand and acceptance , changes in technology , economic conditions , the impact of competition and pricing , government regulation , and other risks defined in this document . these cautionary statements expressly qualify all such forward - looking statements made by or on behalf of gaming advisor . in addition , gaming advisor disclaims any obligation to update any forward - looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof . the information herein has been obtained from reputable sources and therefore we assume its v
alidity . gaming advisor has been c
ompensated $ 5 , 000 for the dissemination of this information and may at anytime buy or sell the securities of i 2 corp ’ s common stock .
nywguempturgwthionjpsqdw
http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork