Subject: business intent
dear sir ,
i am stanley woodwork , the secetary of africa white farmers
co - operation ( awfc ) of zimbabwe . after the last general elections in my country where the incumbent president mr . robert mugabe won the presidential election , the
government has adopted a very aggressive land reforms programme . this programme is solely aimed at taking the land owned by white african farmers for redistribution to black africans . this programme has attracted worldwide
condemnation from world leaders including british prime minister , mr tony blair and also forced several white farmers to flee the country for fear of
victimization and physical abuse .
two weeks ago , our headquartes in harare was attacked and
looted by black protesters and in the process burnt down the whole building . fortunately , they did not get access to the huge funds kept in the strong room which
belong to the co - operation . this cash was kept at the secretariat rather than in the bank for fear of seizure by the government .
now i have the funds in my possession and would need to get it invested in a viable business venture in europe . the cash in question is us $ 46 million dollars .
once i can get your commitment and sincerity of investing
this funds on our behalf then i would proceed to get the funds freighted to europe , where you would be required to pick it up for investment for us .
you do not have anything to worry about as i would undertake all charges involved in freighting the funds to europe , and the business proposal is 100 % legal and risk free .
you would be adequately compensated for all your effort once we have gotten the funds to europe .
please get back to me if you can be of assistance and i would want our correspondence to be via email as most phone lines of white farmers are bugged by the government .
i expect 100 % confidentiality and your prompt response to
this mail so as to proceed . you may also reach me on stanleywoodwork @ email . com
kind regards ,
stanley woodwork .