Subject: the best investments
otc
newsletter
discover tomorrow ' s winners
for immediate release
cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi )
watch for analyst " strong buy recommendations " and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on the otcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger trading exchange . cbyi is trading around 25 cents and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future .
put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a position today .
reasons to invest in cbyi
a profitable company and is on track to beat all earnings estimates !
one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments .
excellent management team , several exclusive contracts . impressive client list including the u . s . air force , anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries , ge - energy environmental research .
rapidly growing industry
industry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there could be as much as $ 25 billion from " smell technology " by the end of 2003 .
! ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! our last recommendation to buy orbt at $ 1 . 29 rallied and is holding steady at $ 3 . 50 ! congratulations to all our subscribers that took advantage of this recommendation .
all removes honored . please allow 7 days to be removed and send all addresses to :
goneforgood @ btamail . net . cn
certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where prohibited . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice .
copyright c 2001
otc
* * * *