Subject: 75 % reduction in road accidents
august , 2002
dear sir / madam ,
in case you have received this mail earlier , kindly ignore this mail . it may have
been re - sent to you by mistake . ours is not a mailing list and we have no intention of sending any regular mails to anybody .
we have devised a set of systems , which can reduce the damage caused to vehicles and deaths and injury caused to passengers and pedestrians in vehicular accidents by more than
seventy - five percent
we have already filed and are in process of filing further , multiple and appropriate disclosure documents , provisional patent applications at the united states patent & trademarks office ( uspto ) , and also applications under the patent co - operation treaty at world intellectual property organization ( wipo ) at geneva .
there is absolutely no doubt that our idea is new and innovative . moreover , we are very confident and very sure that this will help reducing / minimizing human suffering to a very large extent . there is no doubt that the product devised by us will change the face of the earth forever . brief details relating to our product are detailed in the annexures under the following headings :
statistics advantages
options
economics
we are looking for the followings :
01 . business consultancy and advice regarding the most viable , practical and profitable course of action under the circumstances and also consultancy on patents one person moderately injured every three seconds ; one person mildly injured every three seconds . )
( c ) current yearly automobile sales worldwide - more than 1000 billion us $ .
( d ) number of automobiles worldwide - more than 1000 billion pieces
( e ) daily loss caused due to vehicular accidents worldwide
more than 2 billion us $ per day .
( 2 % of the worldwide gross national product of more than 36500 billion us $ = more than 730 us $ per year = more than 2 billion us $ per day )
theadvantages of the technology developed by us :
a . the introduction of such technology will dramatically reduce the expenses of auto - insurance . this reduction of insurance cost will be at par with or even more that the expenses incurred towards the introduction of such technology in modern day vehicles . accordingly , the life insurance premier will also undergo drastic reduction . additionally , because of saving of lives , the outgo of the insurance companies will reduce substantially .
b . as per the who studies and projections , road accidents occupy the number nine positions by way of causes of death in the world today . it is projected by who that by the year 2020 they will occupy the number three positions , next only to heart disease and depression .
by introduction of this technology , we are sure that this will not happen . on the contrary there will be massive reduction in the number of deaths due to road accidents and road accidents may not figure on the list of major causes of death , in the year 2020 at all .
c . this technology will therefore , make all vehicles cheaper and safer . not only will the cost be reduced , safety which is priceless in itself , will also be greatly enhanced .
as and when the regular patent application is filed and patent is granted , the life of the patent will be 20 years . even at the current levels , with road accidents placed at number nine on the who list as a major cause of death , there is a daily loss of two billion us $ . even at the present level , over a period of twenty years , without any interest and without any compounding , this loss works out to be :
2 billion us $ x 365 days x 20 years - 14 , 600 billion us $ .
d . our technology will ensure that at least seventy - five percent of the above losses are prevented . such figure works out to be more that 10 , 000 billion us $ . it is important to note that this is the projection at the current level . as per the future projections , the incidents of road accidents are expected to increase . hence , the figure is likely to be increase very substantially . in addition the time factor and the interest factor will inflate this figure further .
e . at the current levels , more than 1 . 2 million persons are dying every year due to road accidents . even at the current rates , more than 24 million lives will be lost in road accidents over the next twenty years ( i . e . life of the patent , when granted ) . besides , at the current levels .
3 . 2 million people are injured every year . in the next twenty years , the number of people injured due to road accident , will therefore be more than half a billion .
f . if we add to that the personal , physical and psychological traumas to those directly involved in and also to those who are associated with the people involved in the road accidents . the trauma and the misery and henceforth the value of the savings , are all unmeasurable in quantities , presently known to human kind .
g . considering the figures and dynamics as explained hereinabove , it may not be improper or out of place to compare this technology with the introduction of electricity , computer or aircrafts in terms of its value to mankind .
h . the benefits of this technology will be so obvious and essential that , in the very near future , the use of this technology will become unavoidable . it should and will become mandatory by law , to install such technology and the installation of such technology should and will be a pre - requisite for granting or renewal of the registration and license of all vehicles in future .
i . as described hereinabove ; this technology and its utility are incomparable , outthought of , and unheard of till date . it will open a new floodgate in human travel and safety measures . in future , it can and will be applied to other mode of transport , like aircrafts and trains also .
. among other things , we have the following options available to us : - options
available to us : -
a - outright sale
( a ) immediate outright sale of the idea and the concept along with our filed applications for one time lump sum consideration .
( b ) further development of the concept and further filing of patent and all patent related applications , before taking steps as outlined in " a " .
the process ( b ) will obviously increase the realization in terms of price .
b - licencing options
i ) new vehicles - granting of licenses to manufacturers of automobiles , individually or collectively , all over the world for incorporation in the automobiles to be manufactured in future on fixed time or per piece basis .
ii ) conversion of existing vehicles - to independent agents for conversion of the existing more than 1000 billion vehicles all over the world .
c - combined options
a collaborative arrangement with some private and / or government agency wherein we receive a certain down payment and then jointly distribute the licensing rights on a pre - decided sharing ( partnership ) arrangement .
the economics of the project will be as follows : -
1 ) in case any / all processes and systems described by us are incorporated in the design of new vehicles and the new vehicles are manufactured in accordance with the modified designs , the cost escalation may not be more than 5 % to 8 % , and the safety and the protection will be ten times ( more than ) the price escalation . hence , drop in insurance premier will compensate for the cost escalation .
2 ) in case , the existing vehicles are modified , the cost involved will be approximately 10 % to 15 % of the value of the vehicle .
but partial modifications at a lower cost , which will give partial protection , may also be carried out . as a thumb rule , the cost of modification in percentage terms will be about one fifth of the percentage of safety and protection provided .
3 ) in case the value of the vehicles is low or the life of the vehicle is about to expire , the partial modifications may be practically and economically viable , as incorporation onto a new vehicle is relatively less expensive and more protective .
4 ) there are more than 1000 billion motor vehicles in the world at present . besides there are an unspecified number of non - motorized ehicles .
5 ) almost all of them can be converted in phased manner to a variable degree . the cost of conversion will be directly proportional to their current market value and the safety shield to be generated there from .
6 ) among the motorised vehicles , the conversion cost may work out of few dollars for every percent of safety shield created the exact calculation can be worked out , but over all , some of the methods may provide more safety at lower cost compared to the other which may differ in efficiency .
7 ) even if we consider a very vague and approximate cost of conversion of 300 us $ per vehicle , the conversion industry works out to be worth 3 , 00 , 000 billion us $ .
8 ) realising the potential of the product in terms of human safety , it will be reasonable to presume that majority of such conversion will be completed over a period of three years from the starting date .
9 ) as pointed hereinabove , the size of the conversion industry may be estimated to , in the range of 1 , 00 , 000 billion us $ per year over the next three years .
10 ) alternatively , considering the diversity of available motorised vehicles all over the world , conversion licensing can also be commercially viable proposition . for such conversion , licenses can be granted on - line , on receipt of on - line payments . in that case , different rates for granting conversion to vehicles having specific registration numbers can be granted in accordance with and in proportion to the size , carrying capacity and the engine power of the vehicle .
11 ) in case , licensing is done , the creation and installation of the concerned systems will be done by the end - user , as per his circumstances and needs . however , piracy is likely to be a major problem in such licensing .
12 ) it is likely that as and when the systems are introduced in the motorised vehicles , unusual and unprecedented demand of new vehicles is created . this will result in massive rejection of the vehicles currently playing all over the world and stimulate an entirely new market as far as motorised vehicle is concerned . the size of such market is difficult to either comprehend and / or estimate .
p . s .
1 ) some of the figures have been rounded off but generally the figures are correct .
2 ) we have tried to keep this communication brief and to the point . more details , including website references are available with us and can be provided , if required .
