Subject: selling travel in today ' s economy
good morning !
since it may have been awhile since you visited us
atwww . mailpound . comi
wanted to update you on what is happening . when we launched the mailpound
almost two years ago , our focus was on saving time , toner and
treesby providing an alternative fororganizing the huge
number of faxes suppliers sent travel agents each week . our most popular
feature was the fam section , followed by the weekly sweepstakes .
but that has changed .
like many involved in selling retail travel , we have been
striving to find ways to succeed in a challenging environment . additional
commission cuts , the aftermath of 9 / 11 , and the drop in the stock
market , has
had a cumulative effect on all of us . to survive , to succeed , we know
that we
will need to work harder , work smarter , and work together . we have
gotten a
tremendous amount of support from travel agents and this has translated
into
the ability to get more support for travel agents from suppliers .
our focus has expanded from providing a resource for
searching supplier
special offers to providing a suite of tools and services that can create
sales and raise commissions . almost all of these services are supplier
supported and free to travel agents .
actively seek out the beste - commerce
values
helpyou market special offers to your
clients
host personal web sites for travel agents with
mailpound
content *
offerhigher commissions through
consolidation
organize sales incentives from suppliers
provide new technology for fast and easyonline
bookings
provide your clients with the ability to book through
you ,
online
* mpdirect services are offered for
$ 9 . 95 / month
we invite you to visit us soon at www . mailpound . comor
check out the links shown below . see how the free services we offer the
travel
agent community can help you succeed . the summer is almost over , now is
the
time to prepare for the upcoming selling season .
for more information regarding higher commissions
and booking online :
www . mailpound . com / bliss _ intro . htm
for more information about your personal web site :
www . mailpound . com / mpdirect
to register free at mailpound :
www . mailpound . com / registration /
sincerely ,
bob maier , president
smart travel technologies , inc .
rmaier @ smart 2000 . com
856 - 983 - 6100 ext . 101
12 east stow road , suite 210
marlton , new jersey 08053
if you do not want to receive these
messages
in the future , please reply to this message with remove in the subject
line .
http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork