Subject: a cry for help
dear friend , i am mrs . sese - seko widow of late president mobutu
sese - seko of zaire ? now known as democratic republic
of congo ( drc ) . i am moved to write you this letter ,
this was in confidence considering my and situation .
i escaped along with my husband and two of our sons
george kongolo and basher out of democratic republic of
congo ( drc ) to abidjan , cote d ' ivoire where my family
and i settled , while we later moved to settled in
morroco where my husband later died of cancer
disease . however due to this situation we decided to
changed most of my husband ' s billions of dollars
deposited in swiss bank and other countries into other
forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new
head of state of ( dr ) mr laurent kabila has made
arrangement with the swiss government and other
european countries to freeze all my late husband ' s
treasures deposited in some european countries . hence
my children and i decided laying low in africa to
study the situation till when things gets better ,
like now that president kabila is dead and the son
taking over ( joseph kabila ) . one of my late husband ' s
chateaux in southern france was confiscated by the
french government , and as such i had to change my
identity so that my investment will not be traced and
confiscated . i have deposited the sum eighteen million
united state dollars ( us $ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 . ) with a
security company , for safekeeping . the funds are
security coded to prevent them from
knowing the content . what i want you to do is to
indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on our
behalf . acknowledge this message , so that i can introduce you to my son
( kongolo ) who has the out modalities for the claim of the said funds . i
want you to assist in investing this money , but i will not want my identity
revealed . i will also want to buy properties and stock in multi - national
companies and to engage in other safe and
non - speculative investments . may i at this point
emphasise the high level of confidentiality , which
this business demands , and hope you will not betray
the trust and confidence , which i repose in you . in
conclusion , if you want to assist us , my son shall
put you in the picture of the business , tell you
where the funds are currently being maintained and
also discuss other modalities including remunerationfor your services .
for this reason kindly furnish us your contact
information , that is your personal telephone and fax
number for confidential purpose . best regards , mrs m . sese seko