Subject: internet news feeds for executives dfvht
finally ,
a newsfeed that delivers current and
relevant sales , marketing & advertising articles from
such magazines as business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology
marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology . . .
all in one location font - size : 16 px ; color : # 000066 " > easy
to read . easy to use . easy on your time .
providing
the internets ' most
comprehensive web directory for sales ,
marketing font - size : 14 px ; color : # 000000 " > today ' s
top business magazine reviews along with a wide selection of articles from
relevant sales and marketing topics .
gain
access to all the suppliers and
resources you need to do your job effectively .
if
you can ' t find the supplier or resource
that you need . . . one of our reps will
go to work to find it for you .
business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology and more
you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers from
offersrus . net or one of it ' s marketing affiliates . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please scroll down to unsubscribe .
this e - mailing has been sent to you as a person interested in the information enclosed . this e - mail is not spam under the federal regulatory laws of the united states . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th us congress . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . this message is not intended for residents of wa , nv , ca , va . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . if you are a california , nevada , washington , or virginia resident please follow the instructions below and you will be permanently removed from our list immediately .
if you would like to be removed from our e - mail list , please click on the words
remove me
click send , and you will be removed from our list immediately .
ubyrpqtetxjyuyqyfjtie