Subject: urgent assistance ( confidential )
dear sir , ,
my name is dr steven m duba , the son of mr . theo
duba of zimbabwe . i got your address from south
african information exchange johannesburg .
.
due to the previous war against white farmers in
zimbabwe by president robert mugabe and his supporters
to claim all the white owned farms in our country , he
ordered all the white owned farmers to surrender all
their farms to his party members and his followers . my
father was a victim of this oppression and inhuman
behavior as he was one of the richest farmers in our
country , my fayher was totaly against the act by the
presidnt mugabe . the president ’ s supporters invaded my
father ’ s farm , burnt everything in the farm , arrested
him and confiscated all his investment .
early last year when this victimization of white
farmers by president mugabe started , my late father
envisaged a worse situation , he arranged almost all
his money concealed it in a box and smuggled it out of
zimbabwe through diplomatic means to south africa .
when he arrived south africa , he lodged the box in a
private security company through the help of his
lawyer here in south africa without revealing the real
contents of the box to the security company , then ,
went back home . he registered the box as family
treasure .
while he was still in detention that led to his death
due to torture , he directed me to his lawyer in south
africa because of the escalation of the crisis in
zimbabwe . he did not want my life to be in danger . he
was arrested on the 5 th of march last year .
unfortunately my dear father died on the 10 th of
december 2001 . i came to south africa march , 2002 .
now my stay here in africa is frustrating and
depressing because my father ’ s lawyer is presently
hospitalized in london due to terrible heart problem ;
though the lodgment documents are with me , as such i
want to relocate to your country for good . presently ,
my residence permit here in south africa is an asylum
permit as a refugee .
i am seeking for your assistance in transferring the
money in the security company ( us $ 15 million ) out of
this country to your country for investment . if you
think you can help me , please try to get in touch with
me immediately with the number below . your
compensation / share for assistance will be negotiated
if you are ready to assist me . since the problem in my
country is still lingering , please endeavor to keep
this information to yourself and secret , because i
wouldn ’ t want anything that will expose me , and the
existence of this money .
your urgent response will be highly appreciated .
sincerely yours ,
steven duba ( dr ) .
tel : 27 - 83 - 713 - 2696
do you yahoo ! ?
yahoo ! finance - get real - time stock quotes
http : / / finance . yahoo . com