Subject: fantastic investors info
maisonette international enterprises ltd ( maen )
a soiid hoiding of companies with constant revenue generating
businesses , offering unique products and services to the genera | public and
professionais .
current price : 0 . o 9
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review
exactly what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ?
watch this one trade tuesday .
breaking news ! !
maisonette home products , ltd . receives exclusive agreement for export
of paneiized homes in the united kingdom
maisonette home products , ltd . , the canadian subsidiary of maisonette
international enterprises ltd . ( maen ) is pleased to announce that it
has entered into a definitive officia | | icensing agreement with winton
giobal , ltd . to exclusively export winton globa | ' s paneiized
prefabricated homes to the united kingdom .
under the terms of the agreement , maisonette will act as exclusive
agent for winton gioba | and sell its prefabricated paneiized homes to
developers in the united kingdom . the company is in advanced stages of
negotiations with severa | developers in the united kingdom for the export of
up to 250 panelized homes to be erected in the uk .
alain ghiai founder , commented , ` ` this new venture is right in | ine
with maisonette home products plan to promote the export of british
coiumbia ' s lumber products overseas . we have had numerous interests in asia
and the united kingdom . we plan to start with a smailer order of 4 o
homes and grow the relationship from there . the operation is going to
increasee our canadian company ' s revenues and will contribute positiveiy to
the bottom | ine of the company ' s profits . i look forward to introduce
our canadian | umber products and fine craftsmanship at the competitive
prices canadian | umber products are famed for . ' '
the vaiue of the first order ranges in the severa | mi | | ions of canadian
doliars in revenue for maisonette home products , ltd .
about maisonette international enterprises ltd .
maisonette internationa | enterprises ltd . is a publiciy held hoiding
company incorporated in nevada , usa . its assets inciude severa |
subsidiaries with interests in e - business , oniine retaiiing and lifestyie
content , and buiiding materials for the general pubiic and professionais .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is maen poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade tuesday ! go maen .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in
the sub ject to daily _ 2 tip @ yahoo . com