Subject: jump in to gain substantial ground immediately
southwestern medical soiutions , inc . ( swnm )
a development - stage company targeted at the muitibi | | ion - dollar medical
devices business .
current price : 0 . o 85
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successful ciinica | triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant
interest from numerous woridwide medical distribution organizations .
the worldwide distribution of swms products
during the past severa | months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as well as
medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard powe | | , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard ™ product for oem
| icense to major national distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in
discussions with worid piayers on the internationa | distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business soiutions partner for canada and
wil | make an official announcement once this is finaiized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initia |
product launch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management believes that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume
manufacturing / sales company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a
wide array of medica | diagnostics tests , wi | | begin its prototype
testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officiaily launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic
and surgical equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending
rights to several medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets
currentiy invoived in clinica | investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to
develop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community .
with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potentia | entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as well as disposabie surgical devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and buiid a healthy portfoiio of high
demand products .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com