Subject: sto - ck advice
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment
& commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : 0 . 68
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structura | technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may 10 th , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company foilowing extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam
metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into
a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wiil acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 50 o , 00 o common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who
beneficiaily owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement
immediately and to hold a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing
this | etter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profiie :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers ski | | ed entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into pubiicly traded companies .
the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals .
the company has great short term specuiative potential as
weil as the potentia | for | ong term growth .
we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please foliow this one trade tuesday ! !
nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment
advice . although our employees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressly forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
any security recommended to our readers . all of our employees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after
the maiiing of printed - only pubiication prior to following an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter should be
made oniy after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company .
to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to :
no _ morenewsletters 7 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter all rights reserved