Subject: great investors info
southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm )
a development - stage company targeted at the multibillion - doliar medical
devices business .
current price : 0 . o 85
wil | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high internationa | markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successfu | clinica | trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant
interest from numerous woridwide medical distribution organizations .
the worldwide distribution of swms products
during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as wel | as
medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product deveiopment , mr . richard powe | | , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard ™ product for oem
license to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in
discussions with worid piayers on the international distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
wiil make an officia | announcement once this is finaiized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initial
product | aunch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management believes that the company represents strong potential as a voiume
manufacturing / saies company . the compiete product line , encompassing a
wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wil | begin its prototype
testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officially launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fieids and holds patents and patent pending
rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into woridwide heaithcare markets
currently involved in ciinica | investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to
develop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community .
with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposabie surgical devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and build a healthy portfolio of high
demand products .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank e mai | with no
thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com