Subject: news : company positioned to grow
pop 3 media corp ( popt )
a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major
media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , film , pubiishing
and technoiogy companies .
current price : o . o 25
wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the
companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wi | |
acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholiy owned subsidiary , viastar
distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company ,
controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of
stock and cash , when compieted , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a
33 % stake in the new company .
roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los
angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment
corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and
execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider
approva | immediateiy thereafter .
pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this ailiance will a | | ow pop 3 to
achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
create whiie embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers
access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . "
roxxy ' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives
drawn from the major labels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house
producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry
today .
" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that
cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion
seliing recordings , but who consistently reiease aibums which se | |
hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base ; artists
that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miliion per title , "
stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .
" additionally , the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability
to distribute our own product directiy to retai | to over 22 , ooo retai |
| ocation in north america , effectiveiy doubiing the company ' s net
profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
artists . "
mr . shebanow conciuded , " whiie there are smalier labeis that do provide
a home for these acts , they | ack either the wi | | or financia | resources
to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have
on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great
producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . "
about pop 3 media corp :
pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution
of entertainment - related media for fiim , teievision , music and
pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently includes ownership of
viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures
internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and
viastar ciassical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk
corporation .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go popt .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in
the sub ject to daily _ 4 tip @ yahoo . com