Subject: atft . pk has announced the acquisition between atft and first pet life .
pink sheets : atft . pk has announded the acquisition
between atft and first pet life . the transactjion will
be non - diluted to current shareholders .
about first pet life :
atft offers coverage at an afforable level that will safely and securely help aviod the worried of unexpected vet bills . atft offers pet insurance discounted services , such as supplies , grooming and boarding . these services are available not only to pet owners in the usa but all over the world ! ! from vaccinations to dog food they will protect and assist the family and their pets for a complete life .
atft looks forward to giving pet owners all over the world the opportunity and the ability to afford coverage for their pets and will strive to become a valuable part of you family and protection for your pet ' s life and well being .
press release
american television and film company in talks with first pet life
thursday june 9 , 8 : 00 am et
dallas - - ( business wire ) - - june 9 , 2005 - - american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) announced today that it is in talks with first pet life about the possible acquisition of first pet life . no further details are available at this time .
about american television and film company :
american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) develops feature films and television shows for worldwide distribution . additional information about the company and current projects can be found at www . americantvandfilm . com .
about first pet life :
first pet life offers many discounted services including insurance , pet supplies , boarding , and grooming . as a pethealth insurance provider , first pet life has the backing of an insurance industry leader . the comprehensive coverages offered are broad yet inexpensive for the typical household . additional information is available at www . firstpetlife . com .
disclaimer :
matters discussed in this press release are " forward - looking statements . " statements describing objectives or goals or the company ' s future plans are also forward - looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , including the financial performance of the company and market valuations of its stock , which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated .
source : american television film
safe harbor statement
this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . reveal marketing , llc is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . reveal marketing , llc assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in atft ' s financial or operating condition . as reveal marketing , llc has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . reveal marketing , llc accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . atft will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . expedite has been paid in the amount of fifteen thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . . reveal marketing , llc and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .
reveal marketing 3521 oak lawn ave . , ste . 405 dallas , tx 75219 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
