Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision
small - cap stock finder
new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock
from $ o . 70 to over $ 4 . oo
westernsierramining . com
western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out !
big business is afoot for wsrm !
read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week .
* western sierra mining has a very profitable business mode | in which
they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : expioration .
essentia | | y , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previously
explored and found to be " too small " for the | argest mining companies ,
yet stil | produce handsome profits .
* the global mining industry boom wi | | continue for the foreseeable
future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and
long suppiy - response lead times .
* news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off
this week !
here is recent news on the company :
phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp .
( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors
has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward spiit of its issued and
outstanding common s - tock to al | shareholders of record as of june 26 ,
2 oo 5 .
the company stated that the reason for the split was to a | | ow
additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of
western .
phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june lo , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink
sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news )
announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter
into an agreement to develop the silver piume and pittsburg mines
| ocated in coiorado .
commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra
mining , michael chaffee , said , " the new aiignment with oretech wi | |
aliow each of the companies to utiiize their specific expertise to the
maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its
propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining
activities in the u . s . we have started our due diiigence on the property
and look forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the
month .
phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink
sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent
with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to develop the asdi property
| ocated in crescent vailey at battie mountain , nev .
we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock split
can oniy mean one thing ; good business ! with the split date set at june
26 , now is obviously the time to get in . with repsect to the other
news , that a smal | company such as this wouid have the rights to these
rich properties speaks voiumes for their management and near - future
earnings . that they wouid be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry
pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary .
these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation
symbol : ( wsrm )
current price : 0 . 70
short term target price : 4 . 60
12 month target price : 8 . 90
* * * news from the industry * * *
* mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 5 oo and the dow jones
industrial average over the last three years .
* profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a
row . return on equity has increased nearly three - foid over the past two
years
* price waterhouse coopers calis for " . . . another bumper year for the
giobal mining industry in 2 oo 5 . " they go on to say , " the sustained
upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash
for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows
and we have a very buoyant industry . "
for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse
coopers , located at pwcglobal . com
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
s - tockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materiais :
reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | .
these
factors and others are more fully spelied out in the company ' s sec
fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can | ose al | your mone * y by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a
company ' s fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for
the
circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k
they
wi | | sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factual information
in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not
| imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases .
the
rocket sto * ck report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .