Subject: urgent response
dear sir / madam ,
you may be surprised to receive this letter from me , since you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs maria da costa the wife of dr . john da costa , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe , i got your contact through network on line in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction which involves a transfer of a fund to a foreign account and i decided to write you . my late husband was among the zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority . before his death he deposited the sum of us $ 15 . 2 million ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) to south africa with a security company as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe .
the money was deposited in a din box as valuables to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this money was embarked from the purchase of new machinery and chemical for farms and establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . the land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi " adopted by the government .
this resulted to rampant killing and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely ; more than fifty - one ( 51 ) people have so far been killed . heads of governments from the west , especially britain and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plan , subsequently , south african development community ( s . a . d . c . ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s new land act , it is against this background that i and my
family who are currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my husband ' s money into a foreign account . as a family , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account , where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who is tactically freezing of our family wealth .
and south africa ' s government seems to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in south africa for fear of encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same political history . more so , the south african foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment hence we are seeking for an " asylum " . as a business person whom i would entrust my future and that of my family into his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and that the nature of your business does not necessarily matter .
for your assistance , i will offering you 15 % of the total sum , 80 % for my family while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses we may incur during the course of this transaction . i wish to
invest our part of the money on commercial property based on your advice .
finally , all i demand from you is assurance that you will not do away with this money when it finally gets to your personal or company ' s account in your country .
if this proposal is acceptable by you , please confirm your interest by contacting us on this phone number + 27724263169 or e - mail address mariadacosta _ 2002 @ yahoo . com
best regards ,
mrs maria da costa ( for the family )