Subject: 6 steps to a no fear portfolio - 50 % roi per trade
if you are averaging more than 50 % r . o . i . per trade . . .
if your annual returns are well over 300 % . . .
if you know how to profit in any market condition . . .
if you know how to convert losing trades into winning trades . . .
then you don ' t need our free online seminar .
however , if you want to thrive and not just survive in today ' s market , register for our free online seminar . to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here :
do you know how to insure your stocks from loss ?
you insure your home , why not insure your stock portfolio ? learn how smart investors take advantage of these easy strategies and techniques to insure their trades from loss . it ' s no secret , you just need to learn how to do it .
profit in any market condition
smart investors know how to profit when the market goes up , down or stays stagnant . now is your chance to learn the secrets of successful traders . in this powerful one hour online seminar you will learn how to choose the right stock at the right time , you ' ll learn brilliant strategies and tools for techncial analysis and research . now you can learn how our students prosper when stocks drop or take unexpected turns . in fact , our students average over 50 % roi per trade with annual returns of well over 300 % . it ' s your turn . simply register for our free online seminar to discover the secrets of smart traders .
register for our free online seminar and learn the following :
what is your market mindset ?
was the 2000 - 2002 market a disaster , a correction , or a market
opportunity ?
how do you profit from a volatile market ?
how do you use options to hedge risk ?
how do you insure your trades ?
how do you profit when a stock goes up , down or sideways ?
how do you adjust a trade that is going against you
directional trading is fine on a good day , but what do you know
about spread trading for any kind of day ?
how do you implement a no fear / no risk trading system ?
how do i get help as i go through this process ?
to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here :
meet the founder of the company - talk to the people who created the system
in this free live online seminar , you ' ll meet the founder of the
company , chat with current students and be able to ask questions and get answers . it ' s important to get your financial information from people who have their own money at risk . meet greg jensen , cofounder of spread trade systems .
results are really all that matters . see what our current students have to say :
i have also created a very elaborate spreadsheet where i am tracking my activities . i keep one page which tracks my trading history . this is only for trades which have completed from start to finish . to date , i have completed 19 trades for an overall profit of $ 15 , 925 . 00 , at an average 77 percent roi . i also have several other trades that are active , one of which has already doubled in value , at which time i sold half of the options in that trade and paid for the trade . it is now a ' free ' trade . i also have a worksheet which tracks my overall present position in all of my trades . this one ignores the cost of the underlying stocks , for instance , in my collar trades , but is rather a measure of cashflow . my current ytd total is over $ 33 k . . .
- bob hendricks ( july 2004 ) i have been trading since october of 2002 . i started with $ 14 , 000 and within 1 year my portfolio is worth over $ 180 , 000 . spread trade strategies are simple and easy to understand . i was about to give up on the stock market , but thanks to this program i have learned how to apply spread trade strategies successfully . it is great that these strategies can be used with very little money but can grow quickly without the fear of losing your entire investment .
- ruben p . ( 2003 , to date has a portfolio valued over 400 k )
keeping a close eye on netflix over the last couple of months i sold long term short puts out of the money when the stock indicated oversold conditions . as the stock bounced back and showed over bought signals i offloaded the puts and sold calls against my stock . last month netflix options alone made me over $ 3 , 000 . opening up the wealthbuilder a few weeks ago i saw a recommendation for a call calendar . at the time i wanted to enter a credit trade instead of a debit trade and entered a bear call based on technical indicators . all options expired worthless and i pocketed the entire credit . this month i placed some covered calls and bull puts on taser as it rocketed up . i closed all positions after 10 days with a $ 1500 profit . many companies proudly advertise big percentage gains . many times i ' ve asked those companies if those big gains hide big losses - all with the exception of sts was hiding big losing trades . my record this year is 14 out of the 18 stocks i ' ve traded have made money . it ' s not the 49 out of 50 that fasi and greg get but with each month i refine my system and keep closing the gap . the education sts provides is invaluable . without it my approach would have been that of a gambler . with it my approach is systematic and disciplined and consistently profitable .
- gareth ( july 2004 )
nofearinvesting 150 clovis ave . , ste . 101 clovis , ca 93612 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
