Subject: commercialization of nasa technology
hey , i thought you might like to take a look at viaspace
the cohen report
viaspace was founded in 1998 as a spin - off of the caltech / nasa jet propulsion laboratory ( jpl ) to transform technologies originally developed for space and defense markets into profitable commercial enterprises . viaspace seeks opportunities in high growth markets delivering on problems with growing global relevance by leveraging unique expertise not available elsewhere in the commercial world . viaspace sees a compelling business opportunity in the homeland security public safety and fuel cell markets . viaspace target markets are in excess of $ 100 b / yr and growing with a cagr of over 20 % . in the past six years viaspace has created three companies , spectrasensors , qwip technologies and vialogy corp . their websites provide a background on the commercialization of nasa technology , ( spectrasensors . com , qwip . com , vialogy . com ) . the company ' s current focus is on three subsidiaries , direct methanol fuel cell , arroyo sciences and ionfinity .
direct liquid methanol fuel cell
direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) will provide disposable methanol fuel cell cartridges for tomorrow ' s fuel cell - powered portable electronic devices such as laptop computers and cell phones . methanol fuel cells ( dfmc ) are expected to replace lithium ion batteries in portable electronic devices . a dfmc can power a laptop for up to 10 hours on a disposable cartridge that costs $ 2 to $ 3 . a smaller cartridge can power a cell phone for up to 3 weeks . we believe consumers will spend a few extra dollars for the convenience of keeping their cell phones and other electronic devices operating . as a disposable product , it generates recurring revenue for dmfcc .
the technology is protected by over 70 issued and pending patents . toshiba , nec , sanyo , and samsung have unveiled prototype fuel cell powered products that more than double the operating time over existing battery technology . dmfcc has opened a tokyo office to work closely with japanese manufacturers .
arroyo sciences , inc .
arroyo focuses on the fusion of radio frequency , nuclear and electromagnetic imaging to deliver information products in transportation , supply chain , security , logistics assurance and first responder safety markets . the micro tracker product enables a wireless tracking for first responders in hazardous environments . this product combines radio frequency identification ( rfid ) tags , wireless digital communications , ground positioning satellite ( gps ) , data for 2 - d and 3 - d geolocation determination , geographic information system ( gis ) and sensor technologies . real - time processing of many high data content inputs is required for the instantaneous assessment of danger . applications include improved safety for fire department personnel in emergency situations , improved coordination of multi - agency deployments and extended operations in hazardous environments .
the cobra product uses the imaging and sensing technology to provide early threat indicators for coastal surveillance and public infrastructure protection such as ports , power plants , airports , and telecommunication facilities . real time sensory and image data is processed and software is customized to discriminate between friend and foe .
deepscan is a software system that provides automatic analysis of air and seaport cargo containers based on x - ray and gamma ray imaging . arroyo is currently using deepscan for bomb and hazardous material detection in cargo .
ionfinity
ionfinity has developed the next generation mass spectrometry ( ms ) technology that is 10 times more sensitive than existing ms , with a 10 times increase in mass range . higher sensitivity enables the comprehensive monitoring and detection of biological , chemical and nuclear contaminants . the current market for ms is estimated at $ 1 . 2 billion annually . the compact size and rugged portability will expand the market . new applications include enabling port inspection personnel to detect traces of contraband , epa air quality monitoring and assisting in hazardous material clean up .
additional projects under review
projects not included in our forecast are ( 1 ) a water purification technology and ( 2 ) interactive radio . the water purification system displays impressive statistics in that it can convert brackish , sewage or industrial wastewater into ultra - pure water . the water system is scalable from house to municipal usage and will last 25 years while requiring minimal maintenance . the interactive radio enables a listener to receive emails or web sites delivered in response to what is broadcast . the radio station essentially receives input from listeners that could enhance advertising and improve vertical market focus .
forecasts and valuation
we expect revenues for dmfcc will be driven by ( 1 ) increasing wireless usage of computing devices and ( 2 ) the existing need to extend cell phone battery life . we expect revenues for dmfcc will commence in 2007 and grow to $ 195 million by 2009 . homeland security expenditures on airport and seaport security will be a primary revenue driver for arroyo sciences , which will begin to generate revenues in 2005 , and will grow to $ 90 million in 2009 . we expect commercial revenues for ionfinity will commence in late 2007 , and will be $ 10 million in 2009 . beyond 2009 , total revenues will grow at a 60 % to 80 % rate for several years from existing and new products . contracting with existing manufacturers , we expect operating margins will be in the low 40 % range by 2009 . our initial forecasts indicate a fair value range from $ 8 . 40 to $ 11 . 10 based on the projected growth for the 2009 to 2012 timeframe . the graph below outlines our valuation analysis .
directors and management
dr . carl kukkonen , is the ceo and founding partner . dr kukkonen was director for space microelectronics and manager of supercomputing at caltech / jpl , where he worked for 14 years . prior to jpl , dr . kukkonen was the leading expert on hydrogen as alternative fuel at ford motor company .
aj abdallat , coo , and vp of business development has been with viaspace since inception , after working in business development at hewlett - packard and control data corporation .
dr . sandeep gulati has been with viaspace since 2000 . during the prior 12 years , dr gulati was head of the ultracomputing technologies at nasas jpl . dr . gulati is the developer of the revolutionary signal processing technology , qri .
viaspace overview
viaspace was formed in july 1998 with an objective of transforming technologies from caltech / nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory and other advanced technology centers into profitable commercial enterprises through its strong connections with the advanced technology community . through its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences , ionfinity , and direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) - - viaspace has a diversified high tech portfolio that includes microelectronics , sensors , homeland security public safety , energy / - fuel cells , information computational technology , rfid , e - finance , and mobile e - commerce .
viaspace develops proven space and defense technologies into hardware and software products that fulfill high - growth market needs and solve today ' s complex problems .
viaspace benefits from important licenses and strategic relationships with caltech / nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory and other universities research laboratories . the viaspace team has a proven expertise for the successful commercialization of innovations in information technology , physical science and life sciences developed at academic research institutions and national laboratories .
the company currently focuses on technologies originally developed for nasa and the us department of defense that have already reached a certain stage of maturity . initial investments in these technologies amount to millions of dollars and many years of rd , enabling viaspace to manage the commercialization process with only a modest additional investment and greatly reduced technical risk .
viaspace couples exceptional technology sourcing and validation capability with a demand - driven process of market validation . decisions about technology transfer and product development are based , first and foremost , on market needs . in addition to our internal expertise , viaspace benefits from the domain expertise of leading experts that serve on our scientific and business advisory boards and from an informal global network of researchers , technology analysts , and technology professionals and investors that would be hard to replicate .
in the last six years , viaspace and its subsidiaries have secured more than $ 30 million in venture financing and strategic investment . initial investors include hewlett packard , divine interventures , los angeles county community development commission , blueprint ventures , the united company , bioprojects international , forrest binkley brown , american river ventures , and nth power .
viaspace has spawned 3 companies : spectrasensors
( www . spectrasensors . com ) , qwip technologies
( www . qwip . com ) , and vialogy corp ( www . vialogy . com ) . these companies , currently at various stages of maturity , are positioned within high growth markets and poised for profitability . today , viaspace focuses its effort on its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences , ionfinity , and direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) - - and on new high technology opportunities . view full report
view full report
to join market movers mailings press here to find out more .
2400 lincoln ave
altadena , ca 91001
safe harbor statement
this information is a paid advertisement . any views expressed herein are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer , an endorsement , or inducement to buy or sell securities . bronks communications , inc . ( bci ) received compensation for printing and distributing this ad from a third party as an effort to build investor awareness about viaspace inc . ( vspc ) . the compensation is one hundred thousand dollars . this compensation constitutes a conflict of interest as to bci ' s ability to remain objective in our communication regarding vspc . bci owns 1 , 000 shares of common stock in vspc . bci makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity , accuracy , completeness , or correct sequencing of the facts and information presented , nor does it represent or warrant that all material facts necessary to make an investment decision are presented above . factual statements contained in this ad are subject to change without notice . past performance does not guarantee future results . bci is not a registered investment advisor , broker or dealer . all statements of opinion , if any , are those of the analysts , who relied on information believed to be reliable , such as vspc ' s public filings , business documents , and its web sites . the analysts ' reports are for information purposes only . the analysts were contracted by bci to write their reports and were paid a total of fifteen thousand five hundred dollars . independent analyst reports in this ad do not constitute an individualized recommendation to you to buy or sell a particular security . any opinions , estimates , or forecasts about vspc or predicted performance made by the analysts in this ad are theirs alone and do not represent opinions , forecasts or predictions of bci . interested persons must obtain the analysts ' full reports on their own . the analysts ' reports do not purport to be complete and are not intended to be used as a primary basis for investment decisions . investing in vspc should be reviewed as speculative and a high risk and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in vspc . further specific financial information , filings , and disclosures , as well as general investor information about publicly traded companies are available at the securities and exchange commission website www . sec . gov and www . nasd . com . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected growth of the featured company . in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act , bci notes that statements contained herein that look forward in time ( ie : words like may , would , will , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend ) , which include everything other than historical information , involve risks and uncertainties that may affect vspc ' s actual results of operations . factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for vspc ' s products , vspc ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term ; pricing pressures , technology issues , etc .
media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
