Subject: please kindly assist
greetings ,
i am prince fayad w . bolkiah , the eldest son of prince jefri bolkiah , former finance minister of brunei , the tiny oil - rich sultanate on the northern coast of the island of borneo , in eastern asia . i will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history , which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his step brother , the sultan of brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah .
as you may know from the international media , the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $ 14 . 8 billion dollars . this was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father company amedeo development company and government owned brunei investment company to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office . however my father was kept under house arrest , his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery were later confiscated by the sultanate .
furthermore , during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives , but before i could do that i was placed under house arrest by the sultan and i have no access to a phone but i have a palm v hand - held computer from which i am sending you this mail . before my incaceration , i went ahead to dispatch the sum of fifty eight million five hundred thousand united states dollars us $ 58 . 5 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of a private security and trustee company for safe keeping abroad .
hence i seek your good assistance to invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad . i have decided to offer 10 % of these funds to you as compensation for your strong cooperation .
please i count on your absolute confidentiality , transparency and trust while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this business transaction .
i remain yours sincerely .
prince fayad . w . bolkiah
brunei darussalam .