Subject: expert web site analysis - at no charge
do you think that your web site should be producing more sales than it currently does ? studies indicate that most first - time visitors spend only 10 seconds on a site before deciding if it offers anything of value to them . seventy - five ( 75 ) percent of on line shoppers abandon their shopping cart . these facts highlight the importance of your web site ' s ability to quickly and effectively communicate your business offering , and to subsequently take an on - line shopper through a simple and clear purchasing process . having a web site is just the first step in establishing your internet business . the second step is to get people directed to your web site . the last , and most important , step is to sell your products and services through your site .
through july 31 , 2005 , expedite media group , inc . is offering a no - charge analysis of your web site . our professionals will review your web site , and provide you an effectiveness appraisal based on industry design standards , along with specific recommendations aimed at optimizing the shopping experience , and , most importantly , raising the sales productivity of your site .
at expedite media group , inc . , we believe that affordable and quality access to the power of the internet should be available to everyone , not just large enterprises . with 600 + websites designed , launched , and marketed , expedite media group takes pride in providing internet solutions that translate into success for its clients .
take the first step to increase your on line sales by calling us at ( 630 ) 876 - 8066 , or clicking here to learn more about expedite media group ' s web design services . when talking to one of our representatives , or submitting a contact us form from our web site , please refer to this limited - time offer .
expedite 245 west roosevelt rd . building 15 , ste . 109 west chicago , il 60185 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
