Subject: buy oil stocks now
calgary , alberta , jul 7 , 2005 ( ccnmatthews via comtex ) - - on behalf of smsmobility , inc . ( the company ) ( pink sheets : smso ) president rod burns , is pleased to report that the company has executed a memorandum of understanding ( mou ) with quest oil corporation ( otcbb : qoil ) for a joint venture on two of its development programs in texas . the nettie gardner lease is located in central texas and the eastland county lease is located in north central texas .
the nettie gardner lease is comprised of 116 acres , which forms the southernmost extension of the exoc field discovered in 1976 by the bishop - biemer - 1 well . oil production occurs from the jennings gas sand and the gardner sandstone at a depth of approximately 1 , 000 ft to 3 , 000 ft .
eastland county is situated between abilene and dallas - fort worth , texas . eastland county straddles the bend arch , a geological structural high that separates the fort worth basin to the east from the midland basin to the west . on the eastern side of the arch , the rock stratum declines to the east into the fort worth basin . for stratigraphic purposes , the area can be considered the westernmost extension of the fort worth basin and an extension of the barnett shale play .
mr . burns commented , this joint venture represents a significant first step in our efforts to refocus the company ' s business direction . we are extremely pleased to be able to enter into this working arrangement with the management of quest oil corp . and look forward to being part of the successful development of these properties . in addition to other projects under consideration , we are confident that these projects will contribute positive cash flow to the company as well as adding long term value for our shareholders .
quest director , mr . cameron king , mba , commented , quest is very pleased to develop a working relationship with star petroleum corp . ( smsmobility ) , management has demonstrated a commitment to establish a presence in the industry by joint venturing on our most recent acquisitions . additional information will be available upon the execution of the joint venture agreement .
about quest oil corporation
the company is committed to the exploration and development of economical oil and natural gas reserves globally . quest management is focused on an acquisition program targeting high quality and low risk prospects . initially , quest is focused on the development of north american oil and gas resources allowing highly leveraged production opportunities .
about smsmobility / star petroleum corp .
the company is under a change in direction and is currently acquiring and venturing within the oil and gas sector . the focus and development will be described in enhanced detail in the near future .
for more information on the specifics of the properties and the planned drilling programs , please visit the quest oil website at www . questoil . com .
on behalf of the board
quest oil corporation . cameron king cameron king mba - director
this press release contains statements , which may constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933 and the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward - looking statements . important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward - statements include fluctuation of operating results , the ability to compete successfully and the ability to complete before - mentioned transactions . the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward - looking statements to reflect changed assumptions , the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results .
smsmobility , inc . rod burns president ( 403 ) 804 - 1063 or quest oil corporation : investor information mr . darren hayes , corporate development 1 - 866 - 264 - 7668 website : www . questoil . com
safe harbor statement
this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . estockquest is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . estockquest assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in smco ' s financial or operating condition . as estockquest has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . estockquest accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . smco will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars for the transmission of this message . estockquest and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .
estockquest 1426 15 th ave . north texas city , tx 77590 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
