Subject: notification .
email transmission
to : beneficiary
from : mr . alex williams
wire transfer department . .
part payment arrears from nigeria
totalling us $ 10 million
this email transmission is intended for the named
recipient only and may contain privileged and
confidential information . if you have received this
email in error , please notify us immediately . please
do not disclose the contents to anyone or copy it to
outside parties .
thank you .
message .
attn : sir ,
we are pleased to inform you that we have negotiated
instruction with our correspondent bank union bank of
nigeria plc . ( ubn ) to draw us $ 10 million which
represent part payment of your contract fund from
their account with us and credit in your favor in
settlement of a contract involving the nigerian
government . the transfer is irrevocable , indivisible
and non - transferable .
this transaction has been secured with personal
identification computerized sealed numbers , contract
accreditation pin no , transfer access code ( tag ) and
anti terrorist clearance certificate to enable us
identify the bonfire beneficiary and to avoid
diversion of the fund to wrong account .
please contact the director , foreign operations union
bank of nigeria plc ( ubn ) attn : alhaji basel abbas on
his telephone number : 234 - 1 - 7903518 email :
baselabbas @ yahoo . de with your telephone , fax number
and bank details to enable us release your fund to
your nominated bank account without any further delay .
if we do not receive this your information for
re - confirmation from you within 7 days from date of
this email the transfer will be null and void as we
have many contractors to pay . be it known to you that
your transfer charge of 0 . 1 % will be deducted from the
total sum before final transfer to your account , you
are advised to act fast regarding to this subject
matter as we have a limited time to conclude all
payment in this second quarter of the year .
for further enquiry you can contact this bank with the
above telephone number . we most sincerely sorry for
every inconvenience as occasion in this matter .
yours truly ,
hsbc
wire transfer processing div .
madrid spain .
mr . alex williams
senior managing director
security & investigation
h . s . b . c .
wire transfer processing division
12 , calle street , del carlos leganes madrid spain .
gl 32 by u > k honbank swift hbcbk 353
00 999 0367826 8366410
registered in u . k number 720662 . registered office :
12 , calle street del
carlos leganes madrid , spain .