Subject: breaking biotech news
hey , i thought you might want to take a look at gtha
could genethera become the next darling of biotech ' as they announce collaborations with industry giant beckman coulter ?
breaking biotech news :
genethera inc . to collaborate with biotech giant beckman coulter inc .
- genethera news release july 11 th , 2005 .
genethera inc . ( otc . bb : gtha ) a molecular biotech company located in wheat ridge , co . granted first right of refusal to beckman coulter , inc . ( nyc : bec $ 63 . 34 ) to license genethera ' s patented technology for developing live - animal ' genetic diagnostic tests .
this is a significant milestone for genethera . beckman coulter is one of the world ' s leading manufacturers of biomedical testing systems , tests and supplies . our collaboration will unite the expertise of beckman coulter with the cutting edge technology of genethera .
- dr . antonio milici , m . d . , ph . d . genethera inc .
genethera provides genetic diagnostic solutions for the veterinary and agricultural industries with future plans to include the healthcare industry . the company was formed to realize the commercial potential of molecular diagnostic assays using roche ' s f - pcr technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of animals , particularly live animals . this platform enables
genethera to offer tests that are presently not available from any other technology . future plans include all infectious disease potentially affecting domesticated livestock as well as wildlife intended for human consumption with priority being given to mad cow , johne ' s and foot and mouth diseases in cattle . genethera has successfully developed the ability to detect both mad cow disease and chronic wasting disease ( cwd ) also known as mad deer or elk .
free information reguarding stocks !
e - mail
first name
last name
phone number
view full report
view full report
company : genethera inc .
symbol : gtha
exchange : otc . bb
recent price : $ 0 . 90
outstanding shares : 21 mil website : www . genethera . net
prior to the 1 st case of mad cow , u . s . beef exports in 2003 in the us were valued at near $ 6 billion . most of the export dollars have since been lost with the international us beef ban imposed in 2004 .
over 90 million cattle are in feedlots in the u . s .
over 35 million cattle have been slaughtered in the u . s . annually
beckman coulter , inc . is a leading manufacturer of biomedical testing instrument
systems , tests and supplies that simplify and automate laboratory processes . spanning the biomedical testing continuum - - from pioneering medical research and clinical trials to laboratory diagnostics and point - of - care testing - - beckman coulter ' s 200 , 000 installed systems provide essential biomedical information to enhance health care around the world . the company , based in fullerton , calif . , reported 2004 annual sales of $ 2 . 4 billion with 64 percent of this amount generated by recurring revenue from supplies , test kits and services . for more information , visit www . beckmancoulter . com .
we are looking forward to working with genethera to identify commercial applications of their technology .
- chris neary , general manager , prion business center , beckman coulter , inc .
in most countries around the globe , the discovery of a cow with mad cow disease ' leads to the immediate slaughter of hundreds , even thousands of cattle out of wide spread fear of disease spread and the need to complete disease testing on the dead animals . costly international beef recalls ' are common since mad cow ' testing ( until now ) has only been conducted after the slaughter process . genethera ' s live animal ' blood test could lead to halting of mass slaughters and widespread panic , while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year .
through the testing of a single blood sample , genethera could end the need to slaughter entire herds of cattle and other animals for disease testing - saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year .
currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to meet this exploding bse testing demand .
you want to invest in the dna revolution ? don ' t wait for customized drugs , which are years away . buy shares in a company using dna for diagnostic work .
forbes - good genes , kerry a . dolan , may 16 , 2005
new patented tests created with information gleaned from genome mapping have injected new life and higher margins ( near 75 % ) into the business . the $ 2 . 5 billion molecular diagnostics industry is expanding at a 15 % annual rate , according to consulting firm leomics associates of emerson , n . j .
genethera ( gtha ) : making their mark in biotech
genethera has just recently teamed up with biotech giant beckman coulter inc .
they are the first to market with a blood test for mad cow disease on live cattle
they have the ability to detect numerous infectious diseases utilizing genetic methods from the blood of a live animal
they are the first to market with a blood test for detecting cwd
they are presently developing a therapeutic vaccine for cwd and mad cow disease using rna interference technology
they are currently developing a blood test using the same platform for breast and prostate cancer detection with their strategic partner xpng ( xpention genetics inc . )
genethera could end beef recalls ' and potentially the slaughter of millions of animals around the globe while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year
currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to handle this growing bse testing demand .
genethera could generate revenues over $ 13 million for every 1 % of cattle tested in the usa alone
international testing figures would be staggering .
genethera technology :
genethera ' s business is based on its integrated technology platform ( itp ) that combines a proprietary diagnostic solution called gene expression assay ( gea ( tm ) ) with purivax ( tm ) , its system for analyzing large - scale dna sequencing .
the first part of this platform is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays solutions using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction ( f - pcr ) technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of live animals . the second part of the itp is the development of therapeutic vaccines using rna interference technology . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines .
genethera inc . is committed to providing global access to cutting edge biotechnology services to fellow scientists in academia , the pharmaceutical industry , and the biotechnology industry . primarily , genethera ' s expertise focuses on technology relevant to animal and human immunotherapy . genethera is dedicated to furnishing dependable , high quality , cost - effective and prompt client consulting services . these services are backed by the cumulative experiences of greater than 100 years of research and development in both government and industry by genethera ' s senior scientists . genethera develops a commercial - scale implementation of adenovector purification process to support rd material production . furthermore , genethera evaluates and tests commercially available expression vectors and incorporates them into its vector repertoire . these technologies are well established within the repertoire of genethera ' s scientific staff .
genethera can uniquely detect and treat a variety of diseases in animals while they are still alive .
the company provides genetics - based diagnostic and vaccine solutions to meet the growing demands of today ' s veterinary industry and tomorrow ' s agriculture and healthcare industries . the company is organized and operated both to continually apply its scientific research to more effective management of diseases and , in so doing , realize the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology .
the core of genethera ' s operation is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction . ( f - pcr ) technology uses live animal blood to detect the presence of infectious diseases and for the development of vaccines for such blood born diseases . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines .
to date , genethera has successfully developed the assay ability to detect mad cow and chronic wasting disease , a disease affecting elk and deer in north america . diagnostic assays for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease are in the final stages of development . vaccines for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease , both of which are diseases affecting cattle , are in advanced stages of development . in the future , the company plans to expand assay application research to a wide range of diseases / animals , the immediate targets being mad cow , hoof mouth , west nile and newcastle .
genethera can detect bse using the companies patented live animal blood test that evaluates the e . d . r . f . gene sequence . the e . d . r . f . gene is proven to decrease dramatically before any tse infection is noticeable in a live animal or human . the patent gtha holds is broad based and can detect all tse diseases including mad cow ( bse ) in cattle , cwd in elk deer and creutzfeld - jacobs in humans
the company ' s patented test can detect these diseases faster than any other method developed in the marketplace and at far less a cost . the test can also be used on a mass scale using roche f - pcr , dna analyzing robotics equipment . genethera can analyze over 2000 blood samples a day with one f - pcr machine and a single technician . the project will prove highly profitable at approx $ 4 . 00 per test when wide scale commercialization is under way .
a multi - billion dollar , international demand for commercial mad cow testing has emerged around the globe .
japan conducted 3 million post - mortem rapid mad cow tests last year alone . they used the western blot developed by prionics ag in swizterland and bio - rad ' s rapid test . costs are between $ 20 and $ 40 dollars per test . most importantly , other tests in the marketplace cannot detect the disease until the animal has been killed . testing through post - mortem brain tissue exams is extremely labor intensive and costly .
japan spent between $ 60 million - $ 120 million on 3 million post mortem rapid mad cow tests in 2004 .
genethera ' s simple blood test can be collected using their patented field collection system . the sample is then mailed to the lab for testing . the company also stated in their recent 10 k that they are currently in negotiations with strategic testing partners that we believe will absorb the costs of commercializing our live animal mad cow test .
management :
dr . tony milici - chairman of the board , president ceo
dr . milici is a ph . d . in experimental hematology and m . d . in medicine and surgery , receiving degrees from university of rome ( italy ) and stanford university . his specialties include : molecular biology / biotechnology , gene therapy / molecularly oncology and molecular . he has had extensive post - graduate training that includes a fellowship in the department of clinical immunology with the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center and visiting fellow at university of rome ' s laboratory of cellular immunology and biochemistry . among his post - graduate activities , dr . milici was an assistant professor at the medical college of georgia ' s department of pharmacology toxology as well as an assistant biochemist in the department of molecular pathology at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center in houston , tx . prior to founding genethera , inc . , dr . milici was president ceo of genetrans , inc . based in augusta , ga . , a diagnostics laboratory . for dr . milici , genethera is a realization of an ambition to demonstrate the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology .
dr . thomas j . slaga - board member
dr . slaga is a ph . d . in physiology and biophysics with undergraduate degrees in biology / chemistry . since 1999 , dr . slaga has served as an adjunct professor in the department of biochemistry molecular biology at university of colorado ' s health sciences center located in denver , co . dr . slaga ' s career is steeped in research and development roles and affiliations concentrating on cancer . examples include : chair / scientific director for cancer causation and prevention , the amc cancer research center located in denver , co ; director , professor of biochemistry at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center ( science park - research division ) located in smithville , tx ; and group leader and research staff member , skin carcinogenesis and tumor promotion , biology division of the oak ridge national laboratory in oak ridge , tn . dr . slaga ' s blend of scientific and management experience lends to genethera ' s board an important dimension vis - - vis its development opportunities .
mr . richard w . bryans , jr . - board member - general counsel
mr . bryans is an attorney at law in denver , co . a graduate of regis university in business administration / economics , mr . bryans went on to graduate from the university of denver college of law and has been practicing law in denver for over 12 years . mr . bryans provides the genethera board with the much - valued legal perspective to benefit a young , publicly traded company . additionally , the company will be able to take advantage of mr . bryans ' legal experience in the important area of vaccine licensing that is integral to the future of genethera .
to join market movers mailings click here to find out more .
tw inc .
4636 hidden forest dr .
sarasota fl , 32430
disclaimer :
this publicly distributed email report of otc special situations report , a publication of otc growth stock watch , is a sponsored advertisement . this paid advertising issue of otc growth stock watch does not purport to provide an analysis of any company ' s financial position and is not in any way to be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . otc growth stock watch is a paid advertiser . xpention genetics inc . is the featured company . the distribution costs of this report to new subscribers , eighty thousand dollars were funded by tw inc . in an effort to create investor awareness of xpention genetics , inc . tw inc . is not a broker - dealer nor are they an investment advisor . market movers , otc growth stock watch , otc special situations report , nor is geoffrey eiten to be considered a broker - dealer though they are investment advisors . it is anticipated that this report will generate new subscriptions for growth stock watch . neither otc growth stock watch nor geoffrey eiten , the reviewer [ or analyst ] , received any compensation for this report , but both expect to receive an unknown amount of revenue from new subscriptions from the subscription offer contained herein . this report , including the opinions expressed and the statements made within , is for informational and advertising purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice and do not constitute an offer to sell any securities , and it is not soliciting an offer to buy any securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted . readers should consult with their own professional investment , tax and portfolio advisors before making any investment decision and should independently verify all information herein . the information used to prepare this report is believed to be from reliable sources , but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of such information . investment in securities carries a high degree of risk and involves risks and uncertainties which may result in investors ' losing all of their invested capital . past performance does not guarantee future results . the information contained herein contains forward - looking statements , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . forward - looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those anticipated . forward - looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could , should , or might occur . any statements that express or involve predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals or future events or performance may be forward - looking statements . factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to adverse economic conditions , intense competition , lack of meaningful research results , inadequate capital , termination of contracts or agreements , adverse publicity and news coverage , inability to carry out research , development and commercialization plans , loss or retirement of key executives and research scientists , and other risks detailed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . more complete information about xpention genetics , inc . is available from the website of the securities and exchange commission , at http : / / www . sec . gov , and copies of its filings may be read without charge at and copies obtained at prescribed rates from the public reference facilities of the commission , at 450 fifth street , nw , washington , dc 20549 .
media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
