Subject: good day friend
dear friend ,
my name is salim ibrahim a merchant in dubai , in
the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal
cancer
it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and
right now i have only about a few months to live ,
according to medical experts .
i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i
never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but
my business . though i am very rich , i was never
generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on
my business as that was the only thing i cared for .
but now i regret all this as i now know that there is
more to life than just wanting to have
or make all the money in the world .
i believe when god gives me a second chance to come
to this world i would live my life a different way
from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i
have willed and given most of my property and
assets to my immediate and extended family members as well
as a few close friends .
i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul
so , i have decided to give also to charity
organizations , as i want this to be one of the last
good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have
distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e ,
algeria and malaysia . now that my health has
deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself
anymore .
i once asked members of my family to close
one of my accounts and distribute the money which i
have there to charity organization in bulgaria and
pakistan , they refused and kept the money to
themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as
they seem not to be contended with what i have left
for them .
the last of my money which no one knows of is the
huge cash deposit of ( twenty million five hundred
thousand u . s
dollars )
that i have with a finance / security
company abroad . i will want you to help me collect
this consignment and dispatched it to charity
organizations .
i have set aside 15 % for you .
god be with you .
salim ibrahim
note : please do get back to me via my private email
address at ibrahim _ salim @ ny . com
becuase i do not want my family to know anything
about this project , so i could give you the full details about
the funds .
please endeavour to get back to me via my specified
private
email address .
thanks for understanding . may the almighty allah
bless you
abondantly .
mail enviado desde el servicio webmail en el sitio | * btw * | call of duty
- . . /