Subject: urgent reply .
from the desk of : barr arisman shonikon
chambers & associates
no 56 b . aba road , port - harcourt nigeria
private email address ( @ shymail . com )
dear
i sincerely apologize for intruding into your privacy especially by
contacting you through this means for a business transaction of this
magnitude , but due to its seriousness and urgency it therefore became
necessary for me to seek your assistance .
i am barr . arisman shonikon , the personal lawyer to late mr . frank ionescu , a
foreigner , who worked with an oil servicing company in the oil rich niger
delta area of bayelsa state . i am contacting you concerning my late client
and an investment he made . i would respectfully request that you keep the
contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of the
information you come by as a result of this mail . i contacted you
independently and no one should be informed of this communication . i would
like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of interest
to you .
this is a genuine transaction and is 100 % risk free . all i ' m demanding from
you is your honest co - operation to enable us achieve our goal , and not a
perfidious person . on the 6 th of may , 2002 it was reported to us that my
client , his wife and their only daughter were involved in a local plane
crash at kano state , enroot abuja ( the capital city ) all occupants in the
plane lost their lives , unfortunately on this same flight were other
dignitaries like the sports minister and a host of others
meanwhile , until his death , my late client had a fixed deposit account of
usd $ 15 . million deposited in a security company ( unic security company )
here . recently , i received an ultimatum from the security company asking me
to provide my late client ' s relative so that the money would be given to
them . but unfortunately it was discovered that my late client did not
declare any identifiable family member in all the official documents he
tendered to the security company while opening the account .
therefore , this development leaves me as the only person with the full
picture of what the prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit my
late client made and who is entitled to be the bona fide beneficiary / next of
kin or relative because he died intestate . therefore , if i fail to locate
any of his relatives or his next of kin ( and have this money transferred to
them ) the security company will at the expiration of the 6 weeks ultimatum
given to me confiscate the account .
according to the ultimatum issued to me by the security company , if i fail
to present to them my late client ' s relative , with a legitimate statement of
claim for the money before the given time they will confiscate the account
and the money declared ' unclaimed balance ' . this will result in the money
being taken over by the security company . this will not happen if i have my
way .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives of my late client
all these while , my proposal , therefore , is to present you as the next of
kin / relative of my client due to the fact that you are a foreigner and can
easily pass as a possible relative of my client . i know you will be
wondering how possible this could be but i assure you that this is simple .
i therefore seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to my client
so that the money he deposited with the security company would be paid to
you and there after you and i will share the money 40 % for you and i will be
taking 60 % . i assure you that the deposit would be released to you within a
few days because i have all the relevant information that would facilitate
that will be required on documentation .
first , i will like you to provide immediately the following information :
your full names .
contact address .
telephone / fax numbers .
with this information i will prepare the necessary documents and affidavit
that will put you in place as the next of kin . after we have successfully
satisfied the requirements of the bank the money totaling usd 15 . million
would be paid into your account for you to take 40 % and i will be taking
60 % . all i require is your honest co - operation to enable us see this
through .
there is no risk at all because everything would be done legally and my
position as a qualified attorney will facilitate everything . secondly , i
will give you all the necessary documents that would serve as evidence
proving that you are the next of kin / relative of my late client . these
documents will legally conferm on you the status to act as the beneficiary
of the estate of my late client .
what i related to you might smack of unethical practice but i want you to
understand that this is a once in life time opportunity capable of turning
around our situation . the truth is that this money would not be taken by the
government but by some greedy security company officials and i would not
fold my arms and watch this happen hence my decision to contact you .
if you are interested in doing this transaction with me kindly send your
reply to this email address : ( arismanshonikon @ shymail . com )
thank you as i await your positive response .
barr . arisman shonikon .