Subject: inheritance fund
from : dale williams
private email : dalewilliams @ . com
subject : inheritance fund
date : july 19 th , 2005 .
dear sir / madam i apologize if the contents hereunder are contrary to
your moral ethics , but please treat it with absolute secrecy and
personal courtesy . i am dale williams an auditor of a commercial bank
here in the united kingdom , in the the process of auditing our bank
accounts i and one of my colleagues discovered that there is a dormant account
valued at the sum £ 28 , 700 , 000 . 00
( twenty eight million seven hundred thousand british pounds ) and after due
verification of this account we discovered that the account owner is late and
that is why the account has been dormant and as such a £ 28 , 700 , 000 . 00 has been
lying in the bank unclaimed .
the idea of presenting somebody who is not related to our deceased
customer to act as his next of kin came into our mind , that is how and why we
have contacted you to present you as his next of kin , so that the
£ 28 , 700 , 000 . 00 will be paid to you and we can both disburse the fund according
to the percentage we will agree on . in view of this , i am seeking for your
co - operation and understanding to stand as the next of kin to our deceased
customer , to enable us claim the fund from my bank . hence , if this proposal is
ok by you and you do not wish to take undue advantage of my trust , then i hope
to bestow on you .
please kindly get back to me immediately , strictly via my private email
address only : dalewilliams @ . com to enable me enlighten you
on how we are to proceed . on getting your response , we shall agree on the
percentage of disbursing the £ 28 , 700 , 000 . 00 between us , as we intend to invest
part of our own share in real estate business in your country , and we would
appreciate if you can put us in the right part investing in your country . i
will not contact any person or company until i hear from you , so as to enable
me decide on what to do next . be rest assured that this business is 100 % risk
free . we await for your prompt response .
regards ,
dale williams
nb : please note that it does not matter if you are not related to my
late customer , the fund will still be paid to you , since we are
presenting you as his next of kin .