Subject: what happend in your home ? ? ?
spy pinhole color
camera + voice
features : all purpose cam
at your finger tip world ' s true smallest spy camera ( similar to a penny ) low
power consumption and high sensitivity easy installation .
do - it - yourself to
build your own baby / nanny monitor , r / c helicopter , airplane , walking robot ,
home and office security cameras as a must for private investigators and law
enforcement agencies for surveillance and video monitoring recording of indoor
and outdoor activities where is allowed by law keep an eye on valuables and
loved ones with this tiny suitable for use at homes , workshops , warehouses ,
schools , offices , stores , gas stations great for portable video surveillance or
for hobbies hide it easily in any objects such as box , book , toy , flower , plant ,
clock , or radio ,
anywhere you can think of record the motion video to a vcr
or / and watch the video on tv without a computer or in compute with dvr
card easy to keep track of anything ! ! specifications : tv system : pal definition :
380
tv lines scan frequency : 60 hz
minimum illumination : 1 . 5 lux for color
effective element : 510 x 492
picture area : 4 . 69 x 3 . 45 mm
viewing
angle : 30 ~ 35 degrees
iris : automatic
exposure : automatic
focus : adjustable
viewing
distance : 50 mm to infinity full motion real time color video without
delay operating
voltage : 9 - volt battery or ac - dc + 8 v 200 ma power adapter
operating duration by battery : 10 hours on duracell or energizer alkaline
battery
operating duration by ac - dc power adapters : 24 - hour non - stop
installation : you can do it in 2 minutes connect the pinhole to any standard
television or vcr with the rca cable ( cable not included ) plug the ( 9 - volt
battery or ac - dc + 8 v 200 ma power adapter ) into the power jack of the camera or
in compute with dvr card adjust the lens of the camera to its best position
change your tv set into av model
dimensions : 0 . 875 oz . ( net weight ) 1 . 125 oz . ( gross weight ) 0 . 725 inches x 0 . 875
inches x 0 . 875 inches ( w x l x h )
only
29 $ including shipping to worldwide !
to order click here !
to buy dvr ' s ,
security cameras and more , click here !
