Subject: get me thru july newsletter
the get me thru newslettervenita king " the get me thru
coach "
volume 1 issue
7
july
2005
" igniting the power of
inspiration . . . "
thank you for reading my
newsletter . you will not be the same , i promise ! sign - up todayit ' s free and
priceless . . .
tell a friend aboutthis
newsletter
learn more aboutvenita ' s
coaching
stay up to date with get me thru
news
venita ' s promiseyou have my word , i will not share your contact
information with anyone . thank you for allowing me to contact
you ! be my guest and reprint or
distribute " the get me thru newsletter " as long as
you include thecopyright and web link to www . getmethru . com venita king " the get me thru coach " venita @ getmethru . comcopyright 2005 all rights
reserved . the get me thru collectionis a registered
trademark
cick here to join the get me thru
newsletter
now ! !
discover get
me thru nuggets of wisdomthat
thousands use daily to increase their success - from the
author of " the voice of my boundaries "
in this
issue
the paradox
of stressthe thing
you need but should not keep . . .
the coach ' s play
of the month : " motivation
excites you about someone else ' s answers . inspiration
ignites your inner strength through questions that lead you
to successful actions and
self - awareness . "
venita ' s commercial moment
monthly special
the paradox of
stress
there is a level of genius in every human being
and it is called a ' gift ' . stress however plays a huge role in how
we deliver it to the world . the mystery is that stress is a good
thing when used properly and a bad thing when misused . how can
that be ? consider these get me thru points about
stress . i learned about them the hard way . you don ' t have to make my
mistakes .
stress is a process in life and not just a
thing that happens
stress literally enters your being daily and
it must also be shown the exit door daily
stress should be utilized as a tool for
forward movement in the face of challenge
stress keeps you alert at the beginning ,
weighs on you midway and brings you down in the end if you keep it
to long
stress is an excellent motivator but unlike
motivation , it doesn ' t just disappear
a get me thru nugget of wisdom : wherever
you store your stress is where you can expect to experiencethe
most damage , physically , spiritually or financially . . . in the end ,
someoneelse most likely will have to inform you about the
severity of your damage .
a
get me thru question : do you process your stress daily for
authentic success or do you store it daily for
disaster ?
so you see the parameters of
stress will enter the board room or home , it has no preference . -
it ' s all about people and not position . however , when ignored stress
will ultimately determine how far each one of us goes in life -
guaranteed !
read what i learned about how to
process stress and how misusing it nearly cost me my life in chapter
8 of " the voice
of my boundaries " .
the coach ' s play of the
month : " motivation excites
you about someone else ' s answers . inspiration
ignites your inner
strength through questions thatlead you to successful actions
and self - awareness . "
the get me thru question for this
month should last you for a lifetime , because stress is a part of
life forever . whether you want to be a millionaire or merely
survive , you too must make a decision about processing stress . your
success in life demands it !
learn from my get me thru nuggets of
wisdom and then work on your own !
let me hear from you soon ! sign my
guestbook
venita ' s commercial
moment monthly special :
buy the voice of my
boundaries in the get me thru signature pocket during
the month of july and receive set of 21 get me thru share
cards too !
and
click here to buy
now
your response to my new
get me thru jingle get me thru meditation songhas
been incredible . many of you heard them if you attended one of my
march or april inspiring success workshops . just
click here to
listen to an excerptfrom the meditation song . the link takes you
to my website . click the play button on the media player in
the right column and enjoy !
may the voice of your boundaries guide you always . many
blessings ! venita
cick here to join the get me
thru newsletter
now ! !
get me thru , inc . 1019 old monrovia rd . huntsville , al 35806 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
- -
no virus found in this incoming message .
checked by avg anti - virus .
version : 7 . 0 . 323 / virus database : 267 . 9 . 1 / 51 - release date : 7 / 18 / 2005
