Subject: industry giants can ' t match this opportunity
another ground breaking news alert from rlyc .
the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts .
one company is quickly entering a $ 2 trillion market space with a proposed portfolio of product and service offerings that even the largest multi - national corporations in its industry may have a hard time matching . in just a few months , this company has begun adding and developing innovative new products and targeting acquisitions that could help it reach millions of new long - term customers that could generate tremendous re - occurring revenues for many years to come .
although you have probably never heard of this company , you may soon hear of it even if you don ' t continue reading this message . that ' s because it is making a major push to put its products in the hands of a half million people in the u . s . within the next year .
an upstart company to make a real impact in a two trillion dollar industry
in reality , this company ' s lack of early recognition could be a major plus for you . since the overwhelming majority of investors and institutions don ' t know this company or what they plan to accomplish , their stock is trading at rock bottom prices . but , if they do accomplish even a small part of what they have set out to do over the coming months and years , this company could become a significant player in its trillion dollar industry and its stock reflect its accomplishments .
the company that we ' ll introduce you to today is ( relay capital corp . pink sheets : rlyc ) . rlyc , which recently went public , is a multi - faceted financial services company that focuses primarily on the stored value card market . rlyc ' s present product and service offerings include pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and funds transfer cards . these services are aimed at a significant market both domestically and internationally .
just because a company is in a large and growing industry doesn ' t necessarily ensure that it will be a winner . in order to be successful , that company also needs to be truly innovative , have very strong partners , be able to reach vast customer bases and have a management team capable of putting it all together and turning its goals into reality . rlyc appears to be that company .
below we ' ll discuss this substantial potential market rlyc is after and what sets rlyc apart from the competition .
the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts .
stored - value cards have the potential to help the 50 million adults and their families who have been excluded from the e - commerce revolution because they do not have access to credit or banking facilities . the implications reverberate across industry segments . estimates suggest stored - value transactions could exceed $ 2 trillion in just a few years .
rlyc ' s focus is on providing stored - value cards to the un - banked and under - banked . these terms refer to consumers that that do not have a bank account , debit card . the size of that group is staggering that ' s about one - third of the nation ' s work force !
rlyc capitalizes on the dilemma these consumers face by providing stored - value card programs that make it easy , fast and secure for people and businesses to buy all manners of goods and services using stored - value cards as well as for the un - banked and under - banked to be paid their salaries via the same cards .
but that ' s not all . the benefits relay will offer on its stored value cards as well as other financial services will also be of great benefit to those who already have banking relationships . in this segment , relay plans to offer more services with greater convenience for less cost to the consumer . who wouldn ' t want that ? the payroll market is another enormous market for rlyc
for the under - and un - banked , collecting their pay , cashing payroll checks and then paying bills with those funds can be extremely complicated and time consuming . rlyc ' s stored - value pay transfer card program presents a very effective and innovative solution for this problem .
rlyc ' s pay transfer card program can lower costs to employers to process payroll for the banked and the un - banked alike ! lower costs to cardholders to potentially transfer cash between u . s . cards , cards in foreign countries , and services bought through the cards , improved employee retention , improved customer retention will all be available thanks to rlyc . various programs will make life much easier for cardholders using the system , while also providing the convenience and flexibility of either visa or mastercard purchasing power or 24 hour access to their money through atms .
rlyc signs loi with national staffing company to use its pay transfer cards
earlier this year , rlyc signed a binding letter of intent to provide a pay transfer card program for asgard global resources llc ( click to go to their site ) , a leader in providing technical , craft and administrative staffing services to businesses , industry and government through locations in houston , dallas , long island , orlando , phoenix and southern california all areas with huge un - and under - banked populations .
the potential market for this service is really big . it includes large employers , companies that process payroll and financial institutions that provide banking and payroll services to commercial customers .
this system will simplify payments to widely dispersed employees and contractors while dramatically decreasing payroll distribution by offering a cost effective alternative to printing , cutting , and mailing paper payroll checks . it also helps to reduce a great deal of paper processing of checks and pay , eliminate lost checks , stop payments and minimize fraud . but best of all , this should help to significantly boost rlyc ' s revenues .
$ 150 billion sent worldwide by relatives to home countries
mexicans in u . s . send $ 16 . 3 billion a year back to mexico
with $ 150 billion being transferred internationally each year , remittances are a really big business . in times past , people wanting to send money to relatives back in their home countries had few choices . many times their only choice was an expensive proposition like western union . more recently , more and more people have resorted to purchasing and mailing money orders in order to try to cut down on the cost of sending remittances .
the problems with traditional money transfer methods
with wire services , there are any number of inherent problems when trying to send money to relatives overseas . first , wiring funds across borders can be expensive . this can make it very cost - prohibitive to send smaller amounts of cash and often means that relatives must wait longer to receive their remittances because the sender has to save up until the amount is large enough to warrant the cost associated with the wire service . next there is the problem of logistics . both the sender and the recipient must be able to easily reach a storefront that offers the same wire company ' s services . even if they both are able to do this , the recipient may have to make multiple trips to the wire service office to check to see if their funds have cleared yet and can be released to them . lastly , the sender and the recipient are subjected to varying service fees depending on which wire service they choose . these fees can be very high and can significantly cut into the amount of money the recipient ultimately receives . so , even though using a wire service may be a fairly fast way to transfer money , it can be very expensive and logistically difficult to use .
with money orders there is always the problem of mail service . although in america we have grown accustomed to relatively quick and reliable mail service , this is not always the case in foreign countries . this is especially true in underdeveloped nations , where most remittances are sent . a letter containing a remittance that a family is depending on to provide much needed food and shelter could take many days or even weeks to arrive . and , there is always the chance that it will never arrive at its destination at all , meaning that the sender ' s family could go hungry or end up on the streets .
what is the best way to send remittances ?
by far the most convenient , fast , safe and ultimately cost efficient method to send remittances is through a stored - value card . with this type of service , a person can easily activate a card and then just deposit funds into the account ( onto the card ) via loading station , telephone or the internet for easy use by relatives in his or her home country .
the process is extremely easy and cost - effective . funds can be added to the card ' s account at an ever increasing number of convenient locations . the family member overseas can then draw down on those funds by presenting a card from that account to make purchases or they can use the card to withdraw cash from atms . it could not be any simpler .
rlyc has already begun filling orders
in june of this year , rlyc announced that it had received its first order for 2 , 000 pin - based stored value cards . the company stated that its growth estimates call for approximately 2 , 000 new stored - value cards being put into circulation each month . this could result in exponential revenue growth as new customers are added and its customers take advantage of its other financial services . moreover , though other programs it is working on , it could have one half million cards in the market within the next 18 months .
rlyc plans to expand its services through partner companies and one - stop financial centers
rlyc expects to fuel exponential growth of recurring revenue from individual card usage , monthly fees , as well as other activities occurring at its loading centers or the virtual financial centers it is planning . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the debit card consumer . rlyc has already established strategic relationships with leading card processors , vendors and distributors , and is in program development with key partners that may bring over 100 , 000 retail locations and a host of great opportunities to dramatically increase its brand recognition .
rlyc plans a host of new financial products and service offerings
some of the products and services rlyc plans to be launching in the coming months include commercial , auto and sba loans , mortgages , all types of affinity group ( loyalty / rewards ) cards , pharmacy discount cards , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health savings accounts and health and life insurance . rylc is expanding extremely rapidly and at this pace , should gain a whole lot of exposure to the investment community f - a - s - t ! ! !
rlyc plans to grow through joint ventures and acquisitions
through a well - planned strategy to partner with major players in the financial services industry and through key acquisitions of complimentary companies , rlyc plans to fuel its growth . it has begun identifying and will negotiate business joint ventures , acquisitions and partnerships within the stored value card industry .
rlyc is positioned to offer expanded payroll products as well as define a niche market for its private label stored value solutions . with corporate network ' s assistance , it expects to add new and expansive products linked to its card platform and provide its customers with a growing range of superior products and increased customer loyalty .
rlyc plans to enter the emerging high growth health savings account ( hsa ) market
rlyc has entered into an agreement in principle with mydaily corp . , an employee benefit and financial services company , to provide health saving account ( hsa ) stored value debit cards that will enable employees to easily pay routine medical bills with pre - tax dollars .
health savings accounts ( hsa ) are tax - sheltered savings accounts similar to an ira , but earmarked for medical expenses and are part of a high deductible insurance plan . deposits are 100 % tax - deductible for the self - employed and for employees of companies that offer an hsa .
this could be an enormous new market for rlyc
it is estimated that all millions of non - elderly americans will soon have access to a health savings account , creating a market of unprecedented potential . in fact , due to the rising costs of employer - sponsored health plans , it is also estimated that one in every two major employers in the united states is considering consumer directed health plans and hsa for their employees .
experienced stored value card and financial services industry executive named ceo of relay capital corp .
e . reese bogle iii , experienced financial services and stored value card industry executive , has been named relay ' s . most recently he was one of the founders , and served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) , establishing it as a visa principal member .
prior to this , mr . bogle , was vp of e * trade bank ' s corporate development and strategic alliances group and president of telebanc insurance services , inc . he also served as vp and marketing director of premium bank , and held a variety of managerial and marketing positions at leading financial services companies .
relay will be adding real depth experience to its management team
the next step is to bring a well qualified management team to relay capital said mr . bogle . once the team is onboard , we intend to build relay capital into a diversified financial services provider that , in addition to looking for exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual stored card usage , as well as other financial service activities occurring at our card loading centers or its virtual financial centers , we potentially plan to provide : commercial loans , auto loans , sba loans , mortgages , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health benefits ( dental , vision ) , life insurance benefits , pharmacy drug discounts , loyalty and reward programs , and shopping discount programs .
with innovative products and services targeted to trillion dollar market ; a host of powerful partners ; key acquisitions in the works ; orders already coming in ; and a top - notch management team to bring it all together , rlyc seems to be headed for sunny skies .
this company will not remain below the radar screens of wall street ' s mover shakers or even the average investor for much longer . . . if you are on the lookout for companies that have what it takes to experience rapid growth , but are still trading at rock bottom prices , you should call your financial advisor today about relay capital corp . ( rlyc . pk ) .
e - mail
first name
last name
phone number
this program is expected to be huge and could make a tremendous amount of money for rlyc ! but , is not just for remittances
rlyc is a rapidly growing financial services company that develops and markets a wide range of prepaid financial services , including pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and fund transfer cards . it encompasses both the marketing and distribution of pre - paid and pay - transfer cards in concert with the development of loading centers . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the stored - value card consumer .
rlyc offers great stored - value solution and the potential to make millions !
rlyc expects to fuel its exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual card usage , as well as other activity occurring at its loading centers . beyond card / transaction income , relay has set its sites on providing additional financial services such as :
- commercial loans
- auto loans
- sba loans
- mortgages in all 50 states
- certificates of deposit ( cd ' s )
- health benefits ( dental , vision )
- life insurance benefits
- pharmacy / drug discounts
- loyalty / rewards type programs
- shopping discount programs
- merchant processing
- stored value cards
- debit cards
- gift cards
- cross - border transactions
- overdraft on the cards instead of expensive payday loans
the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts .
rlyc already has powerful partners
technology alliance group ( tag )
since 1994 , the world class data center operation , now known as tag , has supported " mission critical " applications for companies of all sizes and in all lines of business on a worldwide basis , including several fortune 500 companies . the core product suites supported by tag have included mainframe outsourcing , internet hosting solutions and a wide variety of disaster backup and recovery alternatives . as with all its client relationships , tag brings to relay capital a highly securetechnology infrastructure to support its corporate web presence , email , interactive voice response ( ivr ) system and support of all future financial service offerings . with over 10 years of experience supporting the financial industry alone , including nearly 50 u . s . banks and others worldwide , tag offers a tremendous knowledge base in the financial marketplace .
cabbage solutions
the principles of cabbage bring an accumulated 50 + years of experience in the financial industry . credentials include 12 years with the federal reserve system , vendor experience in all types of software and hardware solutions , as well as a variety of gift card , stored value card and debit card programs . in addition to its vast industry knowledge , cabbage also brings a vital component known as internet and data security . in today ' s world it is becoming widely agreed upon that a company ' s most valuable asset is it ' s data . once again , the principles of cabbage bring credentials including having been the president of the arizona fbi ' s cyber terrorism group known as infragard . access to several worldwide terrorist alert systems also keeps cabbage in a proactive position to protect its clients from newly released threats to the public internet .
great business strategy : relay capital corp . is getting attention because rlyc has the right technology , at the right time , in the right markets . rlyc has a strong management team , world - class partners , and great new products that are ideal for multiple markets .
strong management team : the new ceo of relay capital corp . is e . reese bogle iii , who is best known for having co - founded and served as an officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) . mr . bogle is building the management team with experienced executives who are known and respected in the financial services industry .
world - class strategic partners : rlyc ' s strategic partner for transaction processing is an industry leader . rlyc ' s business operations are ready for expansion in response to growing demand for relay capital ' s stored - value cards . rlyc is also exploring opportunities to partner with some of the leading brands in consumer goods .
innovative stored - value products : relay capital ' s stored - value cards are helping families , businesses , and communities to go about their daily lives in a better way , using rlyc stored - value cards for transferring money , banking , and adding many new benefits to participation .
rlyc has the right managers strategic partners for multi - million - dollar revenues and industry leadership .
for more information , click here
company : relay capital corp .
otc - pink sheet : rlyc
industries : financial services ,
retailing , health care
product : prepaid mc / visa cards and other financial services
to join market movers mailings click here to find out more .
highland inc .
2000 worthy down
chriss church barbados wi
l . davies 246 - 418 - 0920
disclaimer and sec compliance
the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . highland inc . is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . highland inc . received compensation for this newsletter service for rlyc . the compensation is fifty thousand from a non - affiliated third party . because highland inc . is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . highland inc . makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements .
media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
