Subject: robhatah istore - humanoids , bipeds , dsps , sensors and oscilloscopes
dear researcher ,
robhatah is delighted to announce , for the first time , our great line up
of robotic research platforms , dsps , sensors , digital oscilloscopes and
other robotic / electronic products .
do visit
www . robhatah . com to visit our
website and
http : / / robhatah . com / cubecart / index . php to go directly to our online
shopping cart .
visit our
online shop now to
receive superb prices on your early purchases .
we wish you luck in your robotics
endeavors and hope to be your biggest supporters in your research
achievements .
sincerely ,
bob virtual
sales department
robhatah robotic solutions
www . robhatah . com
ps : we encourage constant
feedback / suggestions to better our services . send us your comments by writing into
sales @ robhatah . com .
multiple award winning
humanoid research robot - manus i
robust aluminium alloy body and off the shelf components
enable maximum flexibility to the researcher
-
manus - i tops again ! - fira ' 04 ( hit , china )
-
winner , fira 2003
( hurosot ) ( nus ,
singapore )
-
winner , singapore robotic games 2004 ( nus , singapore )
height : 50
cm
weight
: 2 . 5 kg dof : 17 processors : 2
motorola 16 bit dsps
sensors : cmos camera ( pan tilt ) , electronic compass , ir sensor ,
force sensor , optional tilt sensor
manus - i is
capable of visually tracking and walking towards colored targets . it has
dynamic walking and obstacle avoidance capabilities . the dimensions and
specifications are designed to meet the fira - humanoid competition rules .
manus - i can even kick a ball into a goal . other capabilities include
getting up from a seated position and climbing stairs .
write into
support @ robhatah . com to see some
of our customer testimonials and to communicate directly to an expert .
biped research robot -
manus tlr
height : 35
cm weight
: 1 . 75 kg dof : 12 processors :
2 motorola 16 bit dsps
sensors : electronic compass , ir sensor , force sensor , optional tilt
sensor
manus - tlr is an ideal platform for
educators and researchers to jump - start their own biped or humanoid
projects . the system is fully modularized and allows researchers to modify
or add new features . rbhatah team provides comprehensive technical
support to help students and researchers .
click on image for more details on manus - tlr . alternatively , view our
biped page by clicking
here .
portable oscilloscope :
stingray
portable and stylish , stingray combines the functions of oscilloscope ,
data logger , spectrum analyser , volt meter , frequency meter and signal
generator in a single instrument . powered from usb , stingray needs no
external power supply .
stingray features simultaneous 12 - bit sampling on both channels , a native
sampling rate of lms / s ( 20 ms / s for repetitive signals ) , sophisticated
hardware triggering including delayed time base and pulse width . it also
has a 3 rd channel which can be a waveform generator output or an external
trigger input .
click on image for more details about the stingray .
stereo vision enabled
research robot - bebop
bebop was
designed to be an affordable solution for researchers and hobbyists in
mobile robotics .
features :
- mobile chassis with 12 v battery and charger
- embedded x 86 processing system
- stereo - vision sensor system
- real - time linux - based operating system
click on image for more details on the bebop . alternatively , visit our
bebop page by clicking
here .
heavy duty dsp -
isopod
isopod ? _ v 2 is
suitable for dedicated control of rc servo motors , dc motors , bdcm ,
stepper motors , solenoids , and other bipolar power outputs , such as
general converter / inverter applications , data collection and many
networked control applications .
click on image for more details about the dsp . extensive information can
be found by clicking
here .
unmatched servo
control dsp - servopod
a 16 - bit dsp
microcontroller , based on motorola dsp 56 f 807 mpu embedded with a virtually
paralell machine language , isomax ? on a small , user - accessible board .
features include : connections for 26 rc - servo motors , two serial rs - 232
channels , can bus driver , jtag interface , 16 - channel 12 - bit a / d , 60 kxl 6
program flash eeprom , serial cable transformer included . it is a perfect
board for robotic , motion control , automotive applications .
to go to our online shopping system , click on the image . for more
information on the dsp , click
here .
robot soccer system
- perfect all - round wheeled robot research system
the full system comprises of 6 wheeled robots , overhead cameras , software
the robosoccer field .
the robot soccer system offers a challenging arena to students and
researchers to demonstrate their advanced autonomous mobile robotic
technology . the multi - disciplinary robotic soccer platform is an ideal
jump start for education and research in robotics , machine vision ,
controls , ai and wireless communications .
click
here for more
details .
flexible reliable force
sensors - flexiforce .
the flexiforce
a 201 force sensor is an ultra - thin , flexible printed circuit . the force
sensors are constructed of two layers of substrate ( polyester / polyimide )
film . on each layer , a conductive material ( silver ) is applied , followed
by a layer of pressure - sensitive ink . adhesive is then used to laminate
the two layers of substrate together to form the force sensor . the active
sensing area is defined by the silver circle on top of the
pressure - sensitive ink . silver extends from the sensing area to the
connectors at the other end of the sensor , forming the conductive leads .
a 201 sensors are terminated with male square pins , allowing them to be
easily incorporated into a circuit . the two outer pins of the connector
are active and the center pin is inactive .
click on image to buy flexiforce now .
© robhatah private limited ,
# 02 - 12 b , 4 engineering drive 3 , singapore 117583 . tel : ( 65 ) 6872 5092
fax : ( 65 ) 6874 4089 .
all rights reserved .
