Subject: proposal for cooperation
hello . i meant to contact http : / / taint . org webmaster ,
am i correct , i hope ?
actually , i am not quite sure . . . did i or natasha fedorova write
you before to your other address ? anyway , now i am here instead of
her too .
so , my name is oksana svetlova , i live in st . petersburg , russia .
i have an idea , how we could cooperate to mutual benefit , see ,
possibly you will find it interesting .
people are seeking to cut costs with this economy slow - down , right ?
the thing is that i could get you in touch with developers from
russia , who will be happy to do a web designer ' s work for you for
considerably less , than you possibly take from your clients ( or
pay for web - design ? ) , and with _ professional _ quality . also - all
programming , internet - programming , graphic , flash design , content
writing , translations , etc . if you do web - design , then you may
accept more orders at once , getting a good share from each , and
devote yourself only to that work , you find most interesting .
alternatively , you can realize more your ideas to develop , more
features to add to your existing sites , and with low costs : from
$ 12 , and an average of $ 18 an hour .
i have put links to their works at www . antee . com / samples _ and _ faq . html
as for reliability , i just saw , how carefully they hand - picked their
specialists , and under what tight management they do their projects .
so , from past experience , it was almost always possible to meet
deadlines . also , communication is properly thought - out : a consultant
is online in icq and other instant messengers almost each day , also
their company has local consultants in many states throughout the
usa , in europe and australia .
so , what do you think ? a possibility for cooperation ?
thank you very much ,
oksana svetlova .
oksana @ antee . com
ps . just in case you need any type of it works now , please let me
know a bit of details , they will return you a cost / time estimation .