Subject: the hotel show
last chance to exhibit at
the hotel show 2002
20 - 22 may , 2002 , airport expo dubai , uae
with over 200 luxury hotels and resorts planned in the middle east within the next 3 - 5 years , ' the hotel show ' has established itself as the region ' s premier hospitality event for local & international companies wishing to meet directly with major players in the industry .
strong industry support
' the hotel show ' is owned by the uk ' s daily mail group , one of the world ' s largest media conglomerates with 350 exhibitions worldwide , including index and big 5 in dubai .
held annually at the airport expo dubai , ' the hotel show ' receives full industry support from regional hospitality - related official bodies and associations such as the dubai department of tourism & commerce marketing and the kuwait hotel owner ' s association , aswell as governmental organisations such as the department of trade & industry in the u . k who ranked the event as one of the topl 0 hospitality events around the world .
the hotel show 2002
managed by streamline marketing , one of the region ' s leading event organisers , the 2002 event will feature over 150 exhibitors from 20 countries , showcasing a variety of products & services from hi - tech reservations systems to bed linen , tableware and furniture . sambonet , siemens , frette spa , micros fidelio , villeroy & boch , bose and grundig are just some of the international companies that will use ' the hotel show ' as a showcase for meeting major players in the industry & making professional contacts .
who can you expect to meet as an exhibitor ?
* regional hotel management groups and owner associations
* major 4 & 5 star hotels , furnished apartments and resorts in the middle east : represented by owners , investors , general managers , asst general managers , purchasing managers , f & b managers , it managers , engineering managers , housekeepers , finance managers , business development managers , executive chefs and security managers .
* middle east - based architects , consultants , hotel project managers , engineers , contractors and designers .
with over 80 % of exhibition space already contracted , time is running out ! should you require a list of exhibitors and a current floorplan , please contact the organisers immediately on 04 - 3329029 or laith @ streamlineb 2 b . net
yours sincerely ,
joanne evans & laith kubba
directors
streamline marketing