Subject: e - market today ! get your advertising boost ! 13474
to
be deleted from our mailing list , send us an email message to :
mailto : 437 notoday @ excite . com
with the words " remove - me "
in the subject heading .
don ' t
delete this message before reading ! ! ! you will find valuable
information that could make a difference in how you advertise
your business today and in the future ! ! !
hi , my name is daniel and i have been involved in internet
marketing since its inception . e - marketing provides individuals
and businesses with a low cost solution for broad - based
advertising
if you are new to this concept do not fret ! i was too !
it took me over 2 years of research by scowering the internet ,
dealing with false claims , hassling with the ( so - called )
bulk - mail specialists experiencing the trials
and errors bogus software programs and false
claims they make , to truly understand the ins outs
of marketing concepts and principles of email marketing .
these
processes are time consuming , resource intensive , frustrating
and potentially expensive for individuals and companies
to do on their own .
let ' s
face it ! most people in business want to make money !
their time is consumed by running their business , developing
marketing campaigns and advertisement , cashing checks ,
dealing with customers , managing their staff and so
on !
they
don ' t have time to invest in learning 10 or 15 different
software applications , learn how to effectively port
scan for ips , socks and smtp relays , spend thousands
of dollars for the best software applications ,
spend hours testing applications for the best results
or for that matter , spending 2 or more years to learn
what someone else has already mastered !
if
you are interested in increasing your effectiveness
with email marketing , increasing your client base , maximizing
your target market or boosting you revenue in a specific
area or geographic territory , then this is were we can
help .
to
find out more , send request with the words " tell
me more " in the subject line or body to :
mailto : hhmiyahara @ excite . com
lcm
provides simple , effective , low - cost solutions for those
interested in broad - based marketing . by utilizing special ,
custom - designed software applications , we are able to
provide broad - based delivery of your advertisements
to millions of people all over the world !
we
are probably one of the most important assets you will
need !
whether
you are trying to promote to 50 , 000 or 50 , 000 , 000 consumers ,
individuals and / or businesses , we can assist you in
launching a successful marketing campaign that can potentially
generate increased revenue , sales and customers .
we
also specialize in the acquistion of targeted e - mail
addresses ! our unique service is customized to fit your
needs . these addresses are collected on a per request
basis which provides you with the most up - to - date list
of e - mail addresses anywhere ! these addresses are not
months or years old ! ! ! they are collected on a per request
basis in realtime which means they are the most current
and up - to - date addresses , period !
the
average collection time is 3 - 5 working days for up to
5 cities or categories ! all addresses are processed
cleaned , stripped , domain verified with foreign domains
removed to provide you with clean deliverable e - mail
addresses for the bestpossible results for your
campaign !
to
find out more , send request with the words " tell
me more " in the subject line or body to :
mailto : hhmiyahara @ excite . com
every
order is handled individually with the greatest amount
of intregity to ensure clean , quality addresses . unlike
many of your fly - by night companies , our product is
quality ,
professional and current ! we can also be contacted during
normal business hours to answer all of your questions !
whether
you have an item to sell , a philosophy to share or a
way conduct surveys on a national scale , e - mail marketing
provides you with the most inexpensive and broadest
target
of any other form of advertising in the world today ! ! !
this
form of marketing has been around since 1995 and has
grown to be one of the biggest moneymakers of business
today and long into our future ! ! !
there
are many fortune 500 companies that participate in this
form of advertising because it works ! ! ! just look at
your emails ! !
by
placing your ad over the internet and directly into
the mailboxes of consumers just like you , you can potentially
generate hundress of thousands of dollars with almost
anything .
every
year the number of users increases tremendously creating
a huge market . why not become part of this unlimited
market by participating in the fastest growing form
of advertising in the world !
to
find out more , send request with the words " tell
me more " in the subject line or body to :
mailto : hhmiyahara @ excite . com
to be deleted from our mailing list , send us an email message
to : mailto : 437 notoday @ excite . com
with the words " remove - me " in the subject heading .
