Subject: feeling exposed ?
feeling
exposed ?
we cover
your assets !
policies as low as $ 525
a +
rated
carrier
additional
coverage endorsements
 vicarious liability
 financial products
 property casualty
 investment services
as
a life , accident , health agent or broker , potential litigation against
you can arise from numerous sources - - a dissatisfied policyholder ,
insurance carrier , or other third party . you need to be prepared
to defend yourself even against the most unfounded or frivolous
allegations . after surveying hundreds of agents and brokers , rockwood
programs inc . has developed one of the most comprehensive errors
and omissions policies in the industry - - the rockwood guardian .
policy highlights
limit of liability options available up to 1 million .
$ 1 . 5 million of defense protection
in addition to the limit of liability . policy deductibles
do not apply to defense costs ;
punitive damage protection ( where permissible by law ) ;
insolvency of carrier
coverage ( on carriers rated b + or higher by a . m . best ) .
extended reporting period provision available ( free to retirees ) ;
low deductible ( $ 2 , 500 ) ; and
short form application .
call corlin hackett , one of our dedicated underwriting professionals ,
today at 877 - 242 - 2487 and click
here for an application . we are available to assist you
in the enrollment process and answer any questions regarding the
eo program .
are you a life
company president , sales manager , broker - dealer , or large ga ? rockwood
offers additional services such as sponsored eo programs , compliance ,
and database development .
contact : call
or e - mail
corlin hackett 877 - 242 - 2487
or
please fill out the form below for more information
name :
e - mail :
phone :
city :
state :
life / health agent
property / casualty agent
visit us on the web at www . rockwoodinsurance . com
we
don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive
them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals .
to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message .
instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net
legal notice
