Subject: free ltci policy comparison software
long term care insurance worksite marketing system
take advantage of the most current information available concerning
the group ltci market . developed after months of exhaustive research
and agent interviews , the worksite marketing system is the resource
for successful group enrollment .
included with your order :
agent manual - all the how - to info including an implementation schedule
benefit manager flip chart
presentation / sales script which promotes long term care insurance as productivity
insurance
benefit manager sales brochures
benefit manager direct mail letters
employer announcement letter
seven ( 7 ) newsletter / e - mail articles to promote employee education prior to meetings
50 each of five ( 5 ) payroll stuffers
50 each of three ( 3 ) employee seminar posters
employee education presentation on cd - rom
150 employee education brochures which promote long term care insurance as
lifestyle insurance
the secret of a successful group enrollment instructional audiotape
a handsome gold embossed binder with storage pockets
this comprehensive ltci policy review compares over 40 major companies in 17 benefit
and ratings / asset categories and includes a premium comparison for
a 60 year old couple .
over 210 policies are covered in this semi - annual publication . this is the oldest
ltc policy comparison in the nation and is a valuable tool for any
agent selling ltc insurance today .
( older generation policies are kept after new policies are introduced because agents
encounter the older policies in the field . )
the cd - rom version allows you to compare up to three companies at a time in any of
the 17 categories . you ' ll also receive a spreadsheet version to
take with you all the time .
we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive
them . this is professional communication sent to insurance
professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply
to this message . instead , go here :
http : / / www . insurancemail . net
legal notice
