Subject: direct email blaster , email extractor , email downloader , email verify . . . . . . . . . . .
¡ ¡
direct email blaster
the program will send mail at the
rate of over 1 , 000 e - mails per minute .
legal and fast sending bulk emails
built in smtp server
have return path
can check mail address
make error send address list ( remove or send again )
support multi - threads .
support multi - smtp servers .
manages your opt - in e - mail lists
offers an easy - to - use interface !
easy to confige and use
download
now
maillist verify
maillist verify is intended for e - mail addresses and mail
lists verifying . the main task is to determine which of addresses in the mail
list are dead . the program is oriented , basically , on programmers which have
their own mail lists to inform their users about new versions of their programs .
the program works on the same algorithm as isp mail
systems do . mail servers addresses for specified address are extracted from dns .
the program tries to connect with found smtp - servers and simulates the sending
of message . it does not come to the message sending / nobr emv
disconnect as soon as mail server informs does this address exist or not . emv
can find about 90 % of dead addresses / nobr some mail systems receive
all messages and only then see their addresses and if the address is dead send
the message back with remark about it .
download
now
express email blaster
express email blaster is a very fast , powerful yet
simple to use email sender . utilizing multiple threads / connections and multiple
smtp servers your emails will be sent out fast and easily . there are user
information , attach files , address and mail logs four tabbed area for the
e - mails details for sending . about 25 smtp servers come with the demo version ,
and users may add and delete smtp servers . about 60 , 000
e - mails will be sent out per hour .
download
now
express email address
extractor
this program is the
most efficient , easy to use email address collector available on the internet ! beijing
express email address extractor ( expresseae ) is designed to extract e - mail
addresses from web - pages on the internet ( using http protocols ) . expresseae
supports operation through many proxy - server and works very fast , as it is able
of loading several pages simultaneously , and requires very few resources .
with
it , you will be able to use targeted
searches to crawl the world wide web , extracting thousands of clean , fresh email
addresses . ably email address extractor is unlike other address collecting
programs , which limit you to one or two search engines and are unable to do auto
searches huge address . most of them collect a high percentage of incomplete ,
unusable addresses which will cause you serious problems when using them in a
mailing .
easier
to learn and use than any other email address collector program available .
accesses
eight search engines
add
your own urls to the list to be searched
supports
operation through a lot of
proxy - server and works very fast ( http proxy )
able
of loading several pages simultaneously
requires
very few resources
timeout
feature allows user to limit the amount of time crawling in dead sites and
traps .
easy
to make huge
address list
pause / continue
extraction at any time .
auto
connection to the internet
download
now
express email address downloader
expressead
is a 32 bit windows program for e - mail
marketing . it is intended for easy and convenient search large e - mail
address lists from mail servers . the program can be operated on windows
95 / 98 / me / 2000 and nt .
expressead
support multi - threads ( up to 1024
connections ) .
expressead
has the ability to reconnect to
the mail server if the server has disconnected and continue the searching at
the point where it has been interrupted .
expressead
has an ergonomic interface that is
easy to set up and simple to use .
features :
support
multi - threads .
auto get smtp
server address , support multi - smtp servers .
auto save
e - mail lists
offers an
easy - to - use interface !
download
now
express maillist manager
this program was designed
to be a complement to the direct email
blaster and email
blaster suite of bulk email software
programs . its purpose is to organize your email lists in order to be more
effective with your email marketing campaign . some of its features include :
combine several
lists into one file .
split up larger lists to make them more manageable .
remove addresses from file .
manual editing , adding , and deleting of addresses .
ability to auto clean lists , that is , remove any
duplicate or unwanted addresses .
maintain all your address lists within the program so
you no longer need to keep all your lists saved as separate text files .
download
now
¡ ¡
if you want to remove your email , please send email to targetemailremoval @ btamail . net . cn
¡ ¡
