Subject: a cry for help
dear sir / madam
re : business assistance
i have decided to contact your assistance in relation to the following business proposal , having obtained your contact through the commercial attach of your country ' s embassy in south africa . this recommendation is based on the information that you will not betray the trust and confidence to be reposed in you . i am romila kabila the second son of the assassinated former president of democratic republic of congo ( d . c ) late laurent desire kabila who on tuesday 16 january during the four years rule of my father i was his confidential / private security and base on my position of relationship of father and son . i was able to be in change of the president ' s personal security vault and some of his savings .
now following the death of my father , the immediate family of the late president kabila has met and concluded that some savings and security vault of the former president should be moved out of the troubled democratic republic of congo with immediate president of democratic republic of congo by the late kabila has been appointed president of democratic republic of congo by the late kabila ' s national executive council and the country top military brass , and properties worth millions of us $ to relocate the late president kabila ' s assets and properties with millions of dollars to over sea country where there is good political climate . we have concluded arrangement to move / transfer the sum us $ 42 m to a finance and security company in london through a diplomatic courier services . the family through a diplomatic contact during my father ' s regime , conclude an arrangement to lodge / deposit the above sums with the global diplomatic and security services in london - u . k !
. and it is on this , that i am soliciting for your assistance to help us receive this amount from this security company once it arrives london upon your acceptance to assist in this project as we the family member can not do it on our own because of the code of conduct , which was introduced by my late father to checkmate excess embezzlement / siphoning of the government / public funds overseas country as the case had be during the late president mobutu sese seko . so one cannot make law and destroy the same law . therefore if you can render your assistance , please indicate your interest to me through my email romkabila @ presidency . com , you should then urgently arrange to travel to london and clear the ( consignments ) funds upon it arrival and subsequent payment of the us $ 42 m into your bank account . as soon as we hear from you , we then send a representative to be with you in london to represent our interest . based on your anticipated efforts and contri !
bution the family has resolved to give you 20 % commission and the remaining 80 % will be reclaimed by the family . it will be my pleasure to be able to co - operate with you on terms that you may wish for the successful completion of this project .
thanks and remain blessed .
best regards ,
romila kabila