Subject: pru life ' s ul portfolio rocks
case closed !
permanent life insurance at affordable rates
whether your clients are looking to pay the minimum
premiums needed to endow * a policy at a specific age or pay sufficient
premiums needed to guarantee * * a death benefit for
life , prudential has the answer .
prulife universal protectorsm offers
competitive lifetime death benefit guarantee premiums . prulife universal
plussm offers competitive minimum premiums to endow and
competitive long term cash value accumulation .
and that ' s not all . look what
else prudential + has to offer . . .
competitive compensation
rolling commissionable target premiums ( r - ctp ) + + .
first year compensation will be paid until the r - ctp is reached
during the first 24 policy months .
first year commissions
that do not reduce at any issue age .
competitive underwriting
issue ages 0 - 90
continuation of coverage
beyond age 100 ( policy has no maturity age ) .
preferred non - smoker category
for cigar smokers , pipe smokers and smokeless tobacco users
( nicotine patch and gum users also may be eligible if they have
not smoked cigarettes in the last 12 months )
preferred plus smoker category
for healthy cigarette smokers .
aviation : preferred rates
may be offered to commercial pilots and most student and private
pilots who fly up to 200 hours per year , regardless of whether
helicopters or fixed wing aircraft are flown .
treadmills not required
for preferred rates for face amounts within our capacity limits
improved ratings for prostate
cancer , hepatitis b c
heart attack ? consider
prudential as soon as the prospect returns to normal activities
liberal build tables to
qualify for preferred rates
increased capacity
$ 70 million capacity without
the need to discuss a risk with reinsurers .
facultative reinsurance
may be available for cases in excess of $ 70 million .
click our logo for the bga nearest you !
or
please fill out the form below for more information
name :
e - mail :
phone :
city :
state :
* minimum premium to endow is a hypothetical , non - guaranteed
premium that , based on current charges and the current interest rate ,
would keep the policy in force to age 100 . interest rates and charges
will change over time , as will the minimum premium to endow . these
premiums are shown as hypothetical figures based on the stated assumptions
and are shown for comparative purposes only . the actual premium needed
to keep the policy in force is based on actual results and may be
higher or lower . * * all guarantees are based on the claims - paying
ability of the issuer .
+ prulife universal protector is issued by pruco life insurance company .
prulife universal plus also is issued by pruco life insurance company
in all states except new jersey and new york , where it is issued by
pruco life insurance company of new jersey , both prudential financial ,
inc . companies located at 213 washington street , newark , nj 07102 - 2992 .
each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual
obligations .
+ + available on contracts dated jan . 1 , 2002 later . not available
in new york new jersey .
prudential financial is a service mark of the prudential insurance
company of america , newark , nj and its affiliates . for financial professional
use only . not for use with the public .
ifs - ao 72238 ed . 7 / 2002 exp . 12 / 2003
we don ' t want anyone
to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication
sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,
do not reply to this message . instead , go here :
http : / / www . insurancemail . net
legal notice
