Subject: [ ilug ] deal
subject :
urgent concern pls .
i am a serious officer with one of our main branches of citi bank ,
consumer banking department . although we didn ' t have previous correspondence till date .
however , based on the standard value place on everything about you , i believed we could discuss , analyze and execute this transaction . the transaction is thus :
i ' ve a wealthy client , an american citizen who had been residing in west africa for decades now , he operates a fix deposit account with us which i am his account officer , and also
receives standing orders for his chains of dividends share .
however , this client mr . david brown died as an out come of heart attack , and the funds in his current account has been claimed by his family , who had gone back finally to usa .
at the end of fiscal year , march 2001 , an accumulated share of us $ 12 . 360 m was transferred into his account from the stock exchange .
this was alone the instructions we issued to the stock house to dispose all his stocks .
now the funds has arrived , i needed an associate whom i would present as the inheritor of this fund i . e . associate partner of mr . david brown so as to receive this fund .
please note , his family has left since , and never know about this stocks in the exchange and the funds has subsequently matured in his fix deposit account , so i as the account officer
has prepared all documents for easy claims of this fund .
immediately , you reach me , i will furnish you with further details and then negotiate on the sharing ratio once you show your sincere involvement to go along with me . it will be of
need for you to furnish me also your personal phone and fax numbers for urgent
messages .
i am anxiously waiting to hear your consent .
be guided .
thanking you . yours sincerely ,
dave framo .
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie