Subject: looking for agent of bathtub saling
note : if this eamil is not fit for you , please reply to webmaster @ wjjzzs . com with " remove " . you ' d tell me the email address we ' ve used .
we don ' t intend to send spam email to you . thank you !
attn : fork @ xent . com
dear sirs or madams ,
we are one arcyl bathtub manufacturer in china .
our factoryspecializes in manufacturing ¡ ° yema ¡ ± brand acrylic composite bathtubs , we have more than 10 years experience of bathtub manufacturing and marketing . with
our considerable experience we set out to blend the advantages of all the other of bathtubs offered in the market place into one range . after several years
development we produced our current range and the yema brand bathtub was patented in 2001 . we were even awarded the " gold medal " in the " chinese patent technology
exhibition " and " the ninth chinese new patent technology and new patent product exhibition " later that year . the yema bathtubs structural design is that of a normal
acrylic bathtub but conglutinated into a composite material . it is ridged and is made more than twice as thick as a normal unit , making it more smooth , gentle and
elegant . this manufacturing technique not only provides all the advantages of a normal acrylic bathtub ( easily to clean , resistance to dirt , colorful , attractive etc )
but also provides increased heat retention , and extends the products life span .
besides our products on website , we now produce some new models for usa market . we also produce shower panels with finest quality .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bathtub specifications - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
1 , wall thickness : 10 mm ~ 20 mm
2 , weight : 50 ~ 60 kg
we would like to be your oem / odm manufacturer .
for detailed info , please browse our website http : / / www . wjjzzs . com
best wishes and regards ,
export manager
jerry lee
mobile : 13951228561
phone : 0086 - 519 - 5211973
fax : 0086 - 519 - 5209776
wujin huangli composited sanitary factory
add : huangli town , wujin county
changzhou 213151
jiangsu province
p . r . china
websie : http : / / www . wjjzzs . com
email : wjjzzs @ wjjzzs . com
july 18 , 2002
http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork