Subject: urgent reply .
mr . ronard tony
wema bank plc .
lagos / nigeria
email : ronardtony @ mail . com
dear sir ,
request for co - operation on a private business
relationship
every four years , nigeria banks transfer to it s
treasury millions of dollars of unclaimed deceased
depositors funds , in compliance with the banking laws
and guidelines . in the majority of cases , with
reference to my bank wema bank plc . the money
normally runs into several millions of dollars . until
dr . david fang death along with his wife , doris , their
two children , micheal and ann in a private jet plane
crash . i was his foreign currency denoted bank account
manager with constant balance in excess of eight
digits . ever since his death and up till this time of
writing , no next of kin or relation of his has come
forward to claim his money with us .
naturally , as long as late dr . david fang money remains
unclaimed , the bank remains richer in free funds with
his money . however , with my being in direct charge of
bills and exchange in the foreign remittance
department of my bank , i am in position to cause the
payment of this money to whosoever that present
himself as the next of kin or relation of the late
dr . david fang ' on private business deal basis .
now the game plan and the purpose of writing to you
exclusively having been highly recommended as the
right and proper person to handle this deal by a
management consultant friend of mine , who has traveled
widely , including your country is that i want to pull
out this unclaimed money amounting to $ 14 , 900 , 000 : 00
( fourteen million , nine hundred united states dollars )
with your co - operation and assistance by just doing
the following :
-
( a ) act as next of kin or relation of late dr . david
fang
( b ) provide your bank account and location where you
want the money remitted .
( c ) provide your direct and private telephone / fax
numbers for effective communication
( d ) give immediate reply to this proposal using the
above tel / fax
number for details on how to proceed .
for your co - operation and efforts , 40 % of the money
will be for you as my foreign partner , 10 % for
settlement of all expenses that might be incurred on
the course of this transaction , while 50 % will be for
myself that will eventually visit your country for
disbursement of the fund .
looking forward to a mutual and beneficial business
relationship .
regards ,
ronard tony .