Subject: fw : the gold buddha
in 1957 , a monastery in thailand was being relocated and a group of monks
was put in charge of moving a giant clay buddha . in the midst of the move
one of the monks noticed a crack in the buddha . concerned about damaging the
idol , the monks decided to wait for a day before continuing with their task .
when night came , one of the monks came to check on the giant statue . he
shined his flashlight over the entire buddha . when he reached the crack he
saw something reflected back at him . the monk , his curiosity aroused , got a
hammer and a chisel and began chipping away at the clay buddha . as he
knocked off piece after piece of clay , the buddha got brighter and brighter .
after hours of work , the monk looked up in amazement to see standing before
him a huge solid - gold buddha .
many historians believe the buddha had been covered with clay by thai monks
several hundred years earlier before an attack by the burmese army . they
covered the buddha to keep it from being stolen . in the attack all the monks
were killed , so it wasn ' t until 1957 , when the monks were moving the giant
statue , that the great treasure was discovered . like the buddha , our outer
shell protects us from the word : our real treasure is hidden within . we
human beings unconsciously hide our inner gold under a layer of clay . all we
need to do to uncover our gold is to have the courage to chip away at our
outer shell , piece by piece .
could you be sitting on your own gold mine ? did you know the average
american can retire a millionaire on his or her current income ? then , why
don ' t they ? it ' s simple . they haven ' t been taught that they could . they are
taught to use debt to get what they want now instead of having their money
work for them . they pay too much in taxes . they are wasting money every
month and don ' t even realize it . in short , they are financially unhealthy .
get a financial checkup and a free video on how to become " financially fit
for life " and discover the gold within your current income .
get your free 3 - point checkup and video now !
to unsubscribe , email removeme @ speededelivery . com with the subject " remove " .
speededelivery . jordan commons tower
9350 south 150 east
sandy , ut 84070
