Subject: 20 th july , 2002
to : the president
from : ab sanni
assalam aleikum ,
i wish to seek your assistance in a matter that needs trust secrecy and
confidentiality .
i am a . b . sanni , a close confidant to mohammed abacha , son of late
general sani abacha , former head of state federal republic of nigeria , who
ruled from november 17 th 1993 to june 8 th 1998 when he died suddenly in
office .
since then , the family as a whole has been facing all sorts of
harassments , by security operatives / agents of the new head of state
( general obasanjo ) who served a jail term under my friend ' s father for
coup offence . even my friend ' s old mother has been detained and tortured
many times . mohammed is now being charged for military decision of his
father ' s regime e . g . the murder cases of political opponents . these
offences he knows nothing about , as he was only the head of state ' s son ,
not even a military man nor was he in the government .
his father ruled for five years during which period he acquired financial
gains and property all over the world from his share of crude oil sales as
the head of state . now , the family has lost all assets ( property and money
in nigeria ) to the new government . ref . news watch magazine publication of
11 th to 18 th october , 1999 . however , they have hidden records in a secret
name with the nigerian insurance deposit corporation to access a coded
trust accounts in europe valued at three hundred and thirty eight million
united states dollars only ( $ 338 , 000 , 000 ) . mohammed is currently being
detained and tortured to sign off accounts of his late father and he has
done that but not the coded trust accounts in the name of certain
government multinational contractors that i can not disclose now .
the aim of this letter is to request your assistance to secure this
account in a safe / confidential bank and help invest the money for our
mutual benefit . we also expect to use some of our share of the money to
relocate ourselves to another safe country because right now nigeria is
not safe and we will like to go into hiding overseas if we can escape .
if you are interested in helping secure the accounts please contact me
immediately by email " a _ sanni @ email . com " , so that we can arrange an
initial meeting in a neighboring country , thus you can present your
investment program and projects for our assessment . thereafter we will
sign an mou ( memorandum of understanding ) binding this business
relationship and immediately entrust you to access the coded trust
accounts in europe valued at three hundred and thirty eight million united
states dollars only ( $ 338 , 000 , 000 ) .
we will depend on your business experience to make sure that we get
maximum returns on our investment with you .
please note that in the process of securing the coded trust account you
are likely to incure expenses but it will be paid back once we secure the
deposit . it is 100 % safe for you and you have nothing to worry about .
just forward via email your full name , phone number , fax number and bank
details as the new beneficiary to enable us make formal application for
the transfer of ownership to you .
we look forward to your helping us , but if you are not interested kindly
discard this letter and still maintain its confidentiality .
ma - salam .
for mohammed abacha