Subject: make thousands just sending emails . it ' s easy .
from : @ yahoo . com
to :
subject : earn money sending e - mails . it ' s easy !
new improved reports
dear friend ,
you can earn a lot of money in the next 90 days sending e - mail .
seem impossible ? is there a catch ? no , there is no catch ; just
send your e - mails and be on your way to financial freedom .
basically , i send out as many of these e - mails as i can , then
people send me cash in the mail for information that i just e - mail
back to them . everyday , i make a three minute drive to my p . o . box
knowing that there are at least a few hundred dollars waiting for
me . and the best part , it is completely legal .
just read the next few paragraphs and see what you think . if you
like what you read , great ! if you don ' t , read it again because you
must have missed something .
" as seen on national television "
" making over a half million dollars every 6 months from your home
for an investment of only $ 25 us dollars expense one time . thanks
to the computer age and the internet , be a millionaire like others
within a year ! ! ! before you say , " no way ! " read the following .
this is the letter you ' ve been reading about in the news lately .
due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a major
nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the
investigation of the program described below to see if it really
can make people money .
the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal .
their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely
no laws prohibiting the participation in this program . this has
helped to show people that this is a simple , harmless , and fun way
to make some extra money at home . and , besides even if you never
got involved in the program , the reports themselves are well worth
the money . they can help you start and advertise any business on
the internet . that is , these reports stand alone and are
beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet .
the results of this show have been truly remarkable . so many
people are participating that those involved are doing much better
than ever before . since everyone makes more as more people try it
out , its been very exciting to be a part of it lately . you will
understand once you experience it .
" here it is below "
* * * print this now for future reference * * *
the following income opportunity is one you may be interested in
taking a look at . it can be started with very little investment
( $ 25 ) and the income return is tremendous ! ! !
this is a legitimate , legal , money making opportunity .
it does not require you to come into contact with people , do any
hard work , and best of all , you never have to leave your house
except to get the mail .
simply follow the instructions , and you really can make this
happen . this e - mail order marketing program works every time if
you put in the effort to make it work . e - mail is the sales tool of
the future . take advantage of this non - commercialized method of
advertising now !
the longer you wait , the more savvy people will be taking your
business using e - mail . get what is rightfully yours . program
yourself for success and dare to think big . it sounds corny , but
it ' s true . you ' ll never make it big if you don ' t have this belief
system in place .
multi - level marketing ( mlm ) has finally gained respectability . it
is being taught in the harvard business school , and both stanford
research and the wall street journal have stated that between 50 %
and 65 % of all goods and services will be sold through multi - level
methods .
this is a multi - billion dollar industry and of the 500 , 000
millionaires in the u . s . , 20 % ( 100 , 000 ) made their fortune in the
last several years in mlm . moreover , statistics show 45 people
become millionaires everyday through multi - level marketing .
you may have heard this story before , but donald trump made an
appearance on the david letterman show . dave asked him what he
would do if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch .
without hesitating trump said he would find a good network
marketing company and get to work .
the audience , started to hoot and boo him . he looked out at the
audience and dead - panned his response . " that ' s why i ' m sitting up
here and you are all sitting out there ! "
with network marketing you have two sources of income . direct
commissions from sales you make yourself and commissions from
sales made by people you introduce to the business .
residual income is the secret of the wealthy . it means investing
time and money once , and getting paid again and again and again .
in network marketing , it also means getting paid for the work of
others .
the enclosed information is something i almost let slip through my
fingers . fortunately , sometime later i reread everything and gave
some thought and study to it .
my name is jonathan rourke . two years ago , the corporation i
worked at for the past twelve years down - sized and my position
was eliminated . after unproductive job interviews , i decided to
open my own business . over the past year , i incurred many
unforeseen financial problems . i owed my family , friends and
creditors over $ 35 , 000 . the economy was taking a toll on my
business and i just couldn ' t seem to make ends meet . i had to
refinance and borrow against my home to support my family and
struggling business . at that moment something significant happened
in my life and i am writing to share that experience in hopes that
this will change your life forever financially ! ! !
in mid december , i received this program via e - mail . six month ' s
prior to receiving this program , i had been sending away for
information on various business opportunities . all of the programs
i received , in my opinion were not cost effective . they were
either too difficult for me to comprehend or the initial
investment was too much for me to risk to see if they would work
or not . one claimed that i would make a million dollars in one
year . it didn ' t tell me i ' d have to write a book to make it !
but like i was saying , in december i received this program . i
didn ' t send for it , or ask for it ; they just got my name off a
mailing list . thank goodness for that ! ! !
after reading it several times , to make sure i was reading it
correctly , i couldn ' t believe my eyes .
here was a money making phenomenon .
i could invest as much as i wanted to start without putting me
further into debt . after i got a pencil and paper and figured it
out , i would at least get my money back . but like most of you i
was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the legal
aspects of it all . so i checked it out with the u . s . post office
( 1 - 800 - 725 - 2161 24 hrs ) and they confirmed that it is indeed
legal ! after determining the program was legal and not a chain
letter , i decided " why not . "
initially i sent out 10 , 000 e - mails . it cost me about $ 15 for my
time on - line . the great thing about e - mail is that i don ' t need
any money for printing to send out the program , and because all of
my orders are filled via e - mail , the only expense is my time . i am
telling you like it is . i hope it doesn ' t turn you off , but i
promised myself that i would not ' rip - off " anyone , no matter how
much money it cost me .
here is the basic version of what you need to do :
your first goal is to receive at least 20 orders for report # 1
within 2 weeks of your first program going out . if you don ' t , send
out more programs until you do .
your second goal is to receive at least 150 + orders for report # 2
within 4 weeks . if not , send out more programs until you do .
once you have your 150 orders , relax , you ' ve met your goal . you
will make $ 50 , 000 + but keep at it ! if you don ' t get 150 right off ,
keep at it ! it may take some time for your down line to build .
keep at it , stay focused , and do not let yourself get distracted .
in less than one week , i was starting to receive orders for report
# 1 . i kept at it - kept mailing out the program and by january 13 ,
1 had received 26 orders for report # 1 . my first step in making
$ 50 , 000 in 90 days was done .
by january 30 , 1 had received 196 orders for report # 2 ; 46 more
than i needed . so i sat back and relaxed . by march 1 , of my
e - mailing of 10 , 000 , i received $ 58 , 000 with more coming in every
day . i paid off all my debts and bought a much needed new car .
please take time to read the attached program , it will change your
life forever ! ! remember , it won ' t work if you don ' t try it . this
program does work , but you must follow it exactly ! especially the
rules of not trying to place your name in a different place . it
won ' t work , you ' ll lose out on a lot of money !
in order for this program to work very fast , try to meet your goal
of 20 + orders for report # 1 , and 150 + orders for report # 2 and you
will make $ 50 , 000 or more in 90 days . if you don ' t reach the first
two goals with in four weeks , relax , you will still make a ton of
money , it may take a few months or so longer . but keep mailing out
the programs and stay focused ! that ' s the key . i am living proof
that it works ! ! ! if you choose not to participate in this program ,
i am sorry . it really is a great opportunity with little cost or
risk to you . if you choose to participate , follow the program and
you will be on your way to financial security .
if you are a fellow business owner and are in financial trouble
like i was , or you want to start your own business , consider this
a sign . i did ! - sincerely , jonathan rourke
p . s . do you have any idea what 11 , 700 $ 5 bills ( $ 58 , 000 ) look
like piled up on a kitchen table ? it ' s awesome !
a personal note from the originator of this program :
by the time you have read the enclosed program and reports , you
should have concluded that such a program , and one that is legal ,
could not have been created by an amateur .
let me tell you a little about myself . i had a profitable business
for 10 years . then in 1979 my business began falling off . i was
doing the same things that were previously successful for me , but
it wasn ' t working .
finally , i figured it out . it wasn ' t me ; it was the economy .
inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had
been with us since 1945 .
i don ' t have to tell you what happened to the unemployment
rate . . . because many of you know from first hand experience . there
were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before .
the middle class was vanishing . those who knew what they were
doing invested wisely and moved up . those who did not including
those who never had anything to save or invest were moving down
into the ranks of the poor .
as the saying goes , ' the rich get richer and the poor get poorer . "
the traditional methods of making money will never allow you to
" move up " or " get rich " . inflation will see to that .
you have just received information that can give you financial
freedom for the rest of your life , with " no risk " and " just a
little bit of effort . " you can make more money in the next few
months than you have ever imagined .
follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any
way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a
copy of this exciting report to everyone you can think of . one of
the people you send this to may send out 50 , 000 . . . and your name
will be on everyone of them !
remember though , the more you send out the more potential
customers you will reach .
so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials
and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to
you now !
" think about it . " before you delete this program from your
mailbox , as i almost did , take a little time to read it and really
think about it . get a pencil and figure out what could happen when
you participate . figure out the worst possible response and no
matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money !
you will definitely get back what you invested . any doubts you
have will vanish when your first orders come in . it works ! - jody
jacobs , richmond , va
here ' s how this amazing program will make you thousands of dollar $
this method of raising capital really works 100 % every time . i am
sure that you could use up to $ 50 , 000 or more in the next 90 days .
before you say " no way ! " please read this program carefully . this
is not a chain letter , but a perfectly legal money making
opportunity . basically , this is what you do : as with all
multilevel businesses , we - build our business by recruiting new
partners and selling our products . every state in the usa allows
you to recruit new multilevel business partners , and we offer a
product for every dollar sent . your orders come by mail and are
filled by e - mail , so you are not involved in personal selling . you
do it privately in your own home , store , or office .
this is the greatest multi - level mail order marketing anywhere :
this is what you must do .
1 . order all 5 reports shown on the list below ( you can ' t sell
them if you don ' t have them ) .
* for each report , send $ 5 . 00 cash , the name & number of the
report you are ordering , your e - mail address , and your name &
return address ( in case of a problem ) .
* make sure your return address is on your envelope - in case of
any mail problems !
* when you place your order , make sure you order each of the five
reports . you need all five reports so that you can save them on
your computer and resell them .
* within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the five
reports . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for
you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you .
2 . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed
next to each report , or their order
on the list in any way other than as instructed below in steps " a "
through ' g " or you will lose out on the majority of your profits .
once you understand the way this works you ' ll also see how it
doesn ' t work if you change it . remember , this method has been
tested , and if you alter it , it will not work .
a . look below for the listing of available reports .
b . after you ' ve ordered the . five reports , take this advertisement
and remove the name and address under report # 5 . this person has
made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their $ 50 , 000 !
c . move the name and address under report # 4 down to report # 5 .
d . move the name and address under report # 3 down to report # 4 .
e . move the name and address under report # 2 down to report # 3
f . move the name and address under report # 1 down to report # 2 .
g . insert your name and address in the report # 1 position .
please make sure you copy every name and address accurately ! copy
and paste method works well , .
3 . take this entire letter , including the modified list of names ,
and save it to your computer . make no changes to the instruction
portion of this letter .
your cost to participate in this is practically nothing ( surely
you can afford $ 25 ) . you obviously already have an internet
connection and e - mail is free !
to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5
reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing
information which includes how to send bulk e - mails , where to find
thousands of free classified ads and much , much more .
here are two primary methods of building your downline :
method # 1 : sending bulk e - mail
let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes ,
and we ' ll assume you and all those involved send out only 2 , 000
programs each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receives a 0 . 5 %
response . using a good list , the response could be much better .
also , many people will send out hundreds of thousands of programs
instead of 2 , 000 . but continuing with this example , you send out
only 2 , 000 programs . with a 0 . 5 % response , that is only 10 orders
for report # 1 . those 10 people respond by sending out 2 , 000
programs each for a total of 20 , 000 . out of those 0 . 5 % , 100 people
respond and order report # 2 .
those 100 mail out 2 , 000 programs each for a total of 200 , 000 . the
0 . 5 % response to that is 1 , 000 orders for report # 3 . those 1 , 000
send out 2 , 000 programs each for a 2 , 000 , 000 total . the 0 . 5 %
response to that is i 0 , 000 orders for report # 4 . that amounts to
10 , 000 each of $ 5 bills for you in cash money ! then think about
level five ! that ' s $ 500 , 000 alone !
your total income in this example is $ 50 + $ 500 + $ 5 , 000 + $ 50 , 000
+ $ 500 , 000 for a total of $ 555 , 550 ! ! !
remember friend , this is assuming 1 , 990 out of the 2 , 000 people
you mail to will do absolutely nothing and trash this program !
dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone , or half
sent out 100 , 000 programs instead of 2 , 000 . believe me , many
people will do just that and more !
report # 2 will show you the best methods for bulk e - mailing , and
e - mail software .
method # 2 - placing free ads on the internet
1 . advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive , and there are
hundreds of free places to advertise . let ' s say you decide to
start small just to see how well it works . assume your goal is to
get only 10 people to participate on your first level . placing a
lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response .
also assume that everyone else in your organization gets only 10
downline members . follow this example to achieve the staggering
results below : lst level - your 10 members with $ 5 . . . . . . . $ 50
2 nd level - 10 members from those 10 ( $ 5 x 100 ) . . . . . . . $ 500
3 rd level - 10 members from those 100 ( $ 5 x 1 , 000 ) . . . . . . . $ 5 , 000
4 th level - 10 members from those 1 , 000 ( $ 5 x 10 k ) . . . . . . . $ 50 , 000
5 th level - 10 members from those 10 , 000 ( $ 5 x 100 k ) . . . . . . . $ 500 , 000
this totals - $ 555 , 550
remember friends , this assumes that the people who participate
only recruit 10 people each . think for a moment what would happen
if they got 20 people to participate ! most people get 100 ' s of
participants .
think about it ! for every $ 5 . 00 you receive , all you must do is
e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it ! always provide
same - day service on all orders ! this will guarantee that the
e - mail they send out with your name and address on it will be
prompt because they can ' t advertise until they receive the report !
available reports * * * order each report by number , and
name * * *
* always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not
accepted * - always send your order via first class mail - make
sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two sheets
of paper ( so that the bill can ' t be seen against light ) on one of
those sheets of paper include :
( a ) the number & name of the report you are ordering ,
( b ) your e - mail address , and
( c ) your name & postal address ( in case your e - mail provider
encounters problems ) .
place your order for these reports now :
report # 1 " the insiders guide to advertizing for free on the
internet "
order report # 1 from :
randy dillard
p . o . box 8
osprey , fl 34229
usa
report # 2 " the insiders guide to sending bulk email on the
internet "
order report # 2 from :
carla brown
p . o . box 39093
sarasota , fl 34238
usa
report # 3 " the secrets to multilevel marketing on the internet "
order report # 3 from :
glynn schmidt
p . o . box 19424
sarasota , fl 34276
usa
report # 4 ' how to become a millionaire utilizing the power of
multilevel marketing and the internet "
order report # 4 from :
christin joy
cpo 2398
501 e . college avenue
wheaton , il 60187
usa
report # 5 " how to send one million e - mails for free . "
order report # 5 from :
cheri gerhart
81719 lido avenue
indio , ca 92201
usa
about 50 , 000 new people get online every month !
* * * * * * * tips for success * * * * * * *
* treat this as your business ! be prompt , professional , and follow
the directions accurately .
* send for the five reports immediately so you will have them when
the orders start coming in . when you receive a $ 5 order , you must
send out the requested product / report .
* always provide same - day service on the orders you receive .
* be patient and persistent with this program . if you follow the
instructions exactly , your results will be successful !
* above all , have faith in yourself and know you will succeed !
* * * * * * * your success guidelines * * * * * * *
follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :
start posting ads as soon as you mail off for the reports ! by the
time you start receiving orders , your reports will be in your
mailbox ! for now , something simple , such as posting on message
boards something to the effect of " would you like to know how to
earn $ 50 , 000 working out of your house with no initial investment ?
email me with the keywords " more info " to find out how . and , when
they email you , send them this report in response !
if you don ' t receive 20 orders for report # 1 within two weeks ,
continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do .
then , a couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100
orders for report # 2 . if you don ' t , continue advertising or sending
e - mails until you do . once you have received 100 or more orders
for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already
working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in !
this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down
on the list you are placed in front of a different report . you can
keep track of your progress by watching which report people are
ordering from you . if you want to generate more income , send
another batch of e - mails or continue placing ads and start the
whole process again ! there is no limit to the income you will
generate from this business !
before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate
in this program , answer one question . . .
do you want to change your life ? if the answer is yes , please look
at the following facts about this program :
1 . you are selling a product which does not cost anything to
produce !
2 . you are selling a product which does not cost anything to ship !
3 . you are selling a product which does not cost you anything to
advertise !
4 . you are utilizing the power of the internet and the power of
multi - level marketing to distribute your product all over the
world !
5 . your only expenses other than your initial $ 25 investment is
your time !
6 . virtually all of the income you generate from this program is
pure profit !
7 . this program will change your life forever .
* * * * * * * testimonials * * * * * * *
this program does work , but you must follow it exactly ! especially
the rule of not trying to place your name in a different position ,
it won ' t work and you ' ll lose a lot of potential income . i ' m
living proof that it works . it really is a great opportunity to
make relatively easy money , with little cost to you . if you do
choose to participate , follow the program exactly , and you ' ll be
on your way to financial security . - steven bardfield , portland , or
my name is mitchell . my wife , jody , and i live in chicago , il . i
am a cost accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make
pretty good money . when i received the program i grumbled to jody
about receiving " junk mail . " i made fun of the whole thing ,
spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved .
i ' knew ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed
intelligence and jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of
her , and was ready to lay the old ' i told you so ' on her when the
thing didn ' t work . . . well , the laugh was on me ! within two weeks
she had received over 50 responses . within 45 days she had
received over $ 147 , 200 in $ 5 bills ! i was shocked ! i was sure that
i had it all figured and that it wouldn ' t work . i am a believer
now . i have joined jody in her " hobby . " i did have seven more
years until retirement , but i think of the ' rat race , ' and it ' s
not for me . we owe it all to mlm . - mitchell wolf md . , chicago , il .
the . main reason for this letter is to convince you that this
system is honest , lawful , extremely profitable , and is a way to
get a large amount of money in a short time . i was approached
several times before 1 checked this out . i joined just to see what
one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money
required . to my astonishment i received $ 36 , 470 . 00 in the first 14
weeks , with money still coming in .
- charles morris , esq .
not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up
my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i
decided that the initial investment was so little that there was
just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my
money back . boy , was i surprised when i found my medium - size post
office box crammed with orders ! for awhile , it got so overloaded
that i had to start picking up my mail at the window . i ' ll make
more money this year than any 10 years of my life before . the nice
thing about this deal is that it doesn ' t matter where people live .
there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return .
- paige willis , des moines , ia
i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i
wondered if i shouldn ' t have given it a try . of course , i had no
idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i
was e - mailed another program . . . 11 months passed then it came . . .
i didn ' t delete this one ! . . . i made . more than $ 41 , 000 on the
first try ! ! - violet wilson , johnstown , pa
this is my third time to participate in this plan . we have quit
our jobs , and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the
interest on our money . the only way on earth that this plan will
work for you is if you do it . for your sake , and for your family ' s
sake don ' t pass up this golden opportunity . good luck and happy
spending ! - kerry ford , centerport , ny
it is up to you now ! take 5 minutes to change your future !
order your reports today and get started on your road to financial
freedom !
for your information : if you need help with starting a business ,
registering a business name , learning how income tax is handled ,
etc . , contact your local office of the small business
administration ( a federal agency ) 1 ( 800 ) 827 - 5722 for free help
and answers to questions . also , the internal revenue service
offers free help via telephone and free seminars about business
tax requirements .
under bill sl 618 title hi passed by the 105 th us congress this
letter cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes
contact information and a method of removal . this is a one time
e - mail transmission . no request for removal is necessary to
remove ( even though this is not necessary ) press
 @ yahoo . com
stop ! if you never read another e - mail please take a moment to
read this one . this really is worth your valuable time . even if
you never got involved in the program , the reports themselves are
well worth the money . they can help you start and advertise any
business on the internet . that is , these reports stand alone and
are beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet .
at the very least print this out now to read later if you are
pressed for time .
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
