Subject: vtge 7 / 22 / 2002 10 : 24 : 24 pm
dear me ,
july 21 , 2002
greeting fellow investors ,
take a look at this inexpensive stock !
company profile for :
virtual
gaming enterprises , inc . .
otc : vtge
for your investment consideration !
otc : vtge
with it ' s current price of $ 0 . 01 the company is currently
trading way below its book value of $ 0 . 40 / share . a tremendous investment opportunity has presented itself
with vtge . legislation has been unsuccessful at slowing the growth of on - line
gaming . the company is way undervalued ! ! ! !
a minimal investment of $ 1000 . 00 would buy
you 100 , 000 shares of vtge at the current price !
if the stock moves up to even one fourth of what the
company says it ' s current value is ,
your investment could be very very profitable ! ! !
virtual gaming enterprises owns , operates , and licenses offshore
casinos on the island of dominica .
virtual gaming
enterprises , inc .
otc : vtge
symbol :
vtge
date :
7 - 21 - 2002
price on
7 - 19 - 2002 : $ 0 . 01
52 week range :
$ 0 . 0039 - $ 5 . 45 info obtained from
bigcharts
share - related items
recent price ( july , 19 , 2002 )
$ . 01
market capitalization approximate
$ 215 k
shares outstanding approximate
21 . 8 m
approximate float
3 . 1 m
daily avg . volume ( 50 day )
141 k
net tangible assets approximate
$ 4 m
net asset value per outstanding share approximate :
$ 0 . 40
click here to view the chart :
audited
net assets slightly under $ 4 m .
net asset value per
outstanding share of common stock is approximately $ 0 . 40 / share .
strong
balance sheet with no debt .
new site enhancements
and new marketing campaign beginning next quarter
virtual gaming enterprises , inc . the company
virtual gaming enterprises , inc . ,
is in the business of gaming over the internet . customers are able to play virtual casino
style games against other members or alone through an internet connection . the company
awards prizes and bonuses to its premier players in the same fashion as traditional
casinos . these awards programs and unparalleled customer service have made virtual gamings casinos the place to play on the net .
check it out .
www . thecasinothemepark . com
the company is
enhancing its already popular casino suite of sites .
the company recently
signed a development agreement with regional site developer infoflash . com .
the company has
retained nextleft tech . to launch an aggressive marketing campaign .
virtual gaming
enterprises holds a master gaming license from the commonwealth of dominica . vtge asserts
it is well positioned to capture substantial market share of the growing internet gaming
business . a recent report from bear stearns ( nyse : bsc ) experts expect on - line gaming to
grow to more than $ 3 billion in 2002 . vtge , through joint ventures and an aggressive
acquisition campaign , operates over 17 gaming related websites and a 20 % interest in vegas
book . com , a traditional sports book .
the recent software
development agreement with infoflash . com gives the company a competitive technology
advantage . casino players will be will gamble using flash and java games for desktops and
laptops . furthermore , virtual gaming
customers will have the ability to gamble using pda ( personal digital assistants ) and
pocket pcs .
the market
virtual gaming owns
17 casino style gaming sites for simulated gaming over the internet . the company is
launching 5 new sites in 2002 .
according to international data corp .
( idc ) , improved internet capabilities , next - generation video game consoles , and
nontraditional gaming platforms will draw 40 million households into online gaming by
2004 , up from 25 million in 2000 . building a diversified revenue base is perhaps the
biggest challenge facing online gaming companies . virtual gaming intends to earn
additional revenues from licensing its technology and co - branding its games .
this company is trading
way under its current value .
virtual gaming enterprises , inc . , forcasts continued acceleration
in revenues and in profits .
projected vital
statistics of online casinos in 2002 :
total
online wagers - $ 13 billion per year
total
wagers minus payouts - $ 651 million
number
of online casinos - around 1700
average
annual online casino revenue - $ 3 to $ 4 million
good luck investors !
save 40 % !
save up to 40 % on your
internet access . instead of the
standard $ 21 . 95 to $ 28 . 95 now you can get 24 / 7 unlimited access
with nationwide access numbers on a fast
56 k , v . 90 service . faster connections
than att and aol , and faster page loads .
$ 16 . 99 internet
access . 24 / 7 unlimited with nationwide access numbers .
call 1 - 864 - 235 - 2716 .
safe harbor for forward - looking statements except for historical
information contained herein , the statements on this website and newsletter are
forward - looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor
provisions of the private securities reform act of 1995 .
forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which
may cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to differ
materially from forecasted results . these risks and uncertainties
include , among other things , product price volatility , product
demand , market competition and risk inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts . they use words such as
anticipate , ' ' estimate , ' ' expect , ' ' project , ' ' intend , ' '
plan , ' ' believe , ' ' and other words and terms of similar meaning
in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial
performance . as a suggestion , never , ever , make an investment
based solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a small , thinly - traded company that
isn ' t well known , said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s
office of investor education and assistance . assume that the
information about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can prove otherwise through your own independent research . internet fraud
is available on the sec ' s web site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm
we
strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want to send our
mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them .
if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please
click here
and rest assured you will receive another message form us .
if you would like to subscribe to future mailing of this type please
click here to subscribe
[ bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk ]
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
