Subject: invitation to treat
from the desk of : dr . olufemi coker ,
economic recovery committee ,
federal secretariat ,
lagos - nigeria .
for your kind attention ,
business proposal : transfer of us $ 22 . 5 m ( twenty two
million , five hundred thousand united states dollars )
& business investments partnership .
first , i must solicit your strictest confidence in
this transaction , this is by virtue of it ' s nature as
being utterly confidential and top secret as you were
introduced to us in confidence through the nigerian
chamber of commerce , foreign trade division .
i am the chairman of the economic recovery committe
( erc ) set up by the present civilian government of
nigeria to review contracts awarded by the past
military administration .
in the course of our work at the erc , we discovered
this fund which resulted from gross re - valuation of
contracts by top government officials of the last
administration . the companies that executed the
contracts have been duly paid and the contracts
commissioned leaving the sum of us $ 22 . 5 million
floating in the escrow account of the central bank of
nigeria ready for payment .
i have therefore been mandated as a matter of trust by
my colleagues in the committee to look for an overseas
partner to whom we could transfer the sum of us $ 22 . 5 m
legally subcontracting the entitlement to you / your
company . this is bearing in mind that our civil
service code of conduct forbids us from owning
foreign company or running foreign account while in
government service hence the need for an overseas
partner .
we have agreed that the funds will be shared thus
after it has been paid into your account :
( 1 ) 25 % of the money will go to you for acting as the
beneficiary of the fund .
( 2 ) 5 % has been set aside as an abstract projection
for reimbursment to both parties for incidental
expences that may be incurred in the course of the
transaction .
( 3 ) 70 % to us the government officials ( with which we
wish to commence an importation business in
conjunction with you ) .
all logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for the smooth conclusion of the transaction
within ten to fourteen days of commencement after
receipt of the following information : your full
name / company name , address , company ' s details &
activities , telephone & fax numbers .
these information will enable us make the applications
and lodge claims to the concerned ministries &
agencies in favour of your company and it is pertinent
to state here that this transaction is entirely based
on trust as the solar bank draft or certified cheque
drawable in any of the central bank of nigeria
correspondent bankers in america , asia and europe is
going to be made in your name . please acknowledge the
receipt of this letter using my personal e - mail
address .
yours faithfully ,
dr . olufemi coker .
http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork