Subject: promote your business
the power of email marketing
email marketing is spreadingaround the wholeworld
because of itshigh effectiveness ,
speedandlow cost .
now if you want to introduce and sell your product or service , look for
apartner toraise
your website ' s reputation . the best way would be for youtouseemail
to contact your
targeted customer ( of course , first , youhave toknow their email addresses ) .
targeted email is no doubt very effective .
if you can introduce your product or service
throughemail directly to the customerswho are interestedin
them , this will bringyour
businessabetter chanceof success .
xin . lan internet marketing
center , has many years ofexperience in developingand
utilizinginternet resources . we have setupglobal business
email - addressdatabases
whichcontain millionsof email addresses of commercial
enterprises and consumers
all over the world . theseemails are sorted bycountries
and fields . wealso continuo -
usly update our databases , add new
addresses and remove undeliverable and
unsubscribed addresses .
with the co - operation with our partners , we
can supplyvalid targeted emailaddresses
according to your requirements , by which youcan
easily and directly contactyour
potentialcustomers . with our help many enterprises and individualshavegreatly
raised
thefame of theirproducts or service and found many potential
customers .
we also supplya wide varietyof software . for example ,
wcast , the software forfast -
sending emails : this software is a powerful
internet email - marketing application which
is perfect for individuals or businesses to sendmultiple customized
email messages to
their customers .
we are pleased tooffer youour best prices :
emails or software
remarks
price
30 , 000 targeted
email addresses
we are able to supply valid targeted email addresses
according to your requirements , which are compiled
only on your order ,
such as region / country / field / occupation / domain name ( such as aol . com or
msn . com ) etc .
usd 30 . 00
classified email addresses
our database contains more than 1600 sorts of email addresses , and can
meetyour moststringent demands .
8 million email addresses
8 million email addresses of global commercial enterprise
usd
240 . 00
wcast software
software for fast - sending emails . this program can
send mailat a rate of over 10 , 000 emails per hour ,
and release informationto
thousands of people in a
short time .
usd 39 . 00
email searcher software
software for
searching for targeted email addresses .
usd 98 . 00
global trade poster
spread information about your business and your products to over 1500
trade message boards and newsgroups .
usd
135 . 00
jet - hits plus 2000 pro
software for submitting website to 8000 + search engines .
usd 79 . 00
you mayorder the email listsorsoftware directly from our
website . for further details ,
pleaserefer to our website .
we will be honoured if you are interested in our services or
software . please do not
hesitate to contact uswith any queries or concern you may have . wewill
behappy to
serve you .
best regards !
kang peng
marketing manager
http : / / www . como - verder . com
sales @ marketing - promote . com
xin . lan internet marketing center
you are receiving this email because you
registered to receive special offers from one of our marketing
partners . if you would prefer not to receive future emails , please
click here to unsubscribe
, or send a
blank e - mail to emaildata @ 88998 . com
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
