Subject: assistance requested ( please read ) .
dear sir / ma ,
i am hajiya maryam abacha , wife of the late nigeria head of state , general sanni abacha who died on the 8 th of june , 1998 while still on active duty . l am contacting you in view of the fact that we will be of great assistance to each other likeness developing a cordial relationship . i currently have within my reach the sum of thirty five million us dollars ( us $ 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) cash which l intend to use for investment , like real estate development or import / export business specifically in your country . this money came as a payback contract deal between my late husband and a russian firm on our countries multi - billion dollars ajaokuta steel plant project . the russian partners returned my husband ' s share of usd $ 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 after the death of my husband and lodged in my husband ' s security company of which l am director right now , the new civilian government have intensified their probe on my husband ' s financial and oil company . in view of these , l acted fast to withdraw the us $ 3 !
5 , 000 , 000 . 00 from the company ' s vault and deposited in another private security company vault within the country . i have since declared the security company bankrupt . no record ever existed concerning the money traceable by the government because there is no documentation showing that we received the money from the russian . due to the current situation in the country concerning government attitude towards my family , it has become quite impossible for me to make use of this money within . let me refer you to the front page of this day newspapers of 10 th march 2001 . you can check it through their website : www . thisdayonline . com , click on archives , 8 th . june , 2001 ) the present government in nigeria had frozen and seized all my bank accounts both here in nigeria and abroad . thus consent l shall expect you to contact me urgently to enable us discuss in detail about this transaction . bearing in mind that your assistance is needed to transfer this fund , l proposed a percentage of 3 !
0 % of the total sum to you for the expected service and assistance , 10
% for offsetting minor expenses incurred in the course of this transaction . your urgent response is highly needed as to stop further contacts . all correspondence must be by the email address above . l must use this opportunity to implore you to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily confidential whatever your decision while await your prompt response . nb : because of the security being mounted on the members of my family , l have decided that this transaction be kept in utmost secrecy , remember to include your private telephone or fax number for easy communication . you can also contact my trusted friend and family attorney , barrister aishat gidado at aishatgidado @ go . com or her number 248033044180 .
best regards .
hajia maryam abacha .
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
