Subject: we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company
we are on the look - out
for new partners such as you and your company
whether you want to buy or sell , bluecom danmark a / s is worth closer acquaintance
bluecom danmark a / s is a worldwide it - distributor of pc - systems and add - ons .
since it ' s foundation in 1992 the company has enjoyed constant growth , and is
always on the look out for new partners to cooperate with .
we have found you and your company through our internet research , and hope to
establish a fruitful cooperation with you in the future . however , we apologies
if you are not the correct person to contact within your company , and kindly
request that you forward this message to that person . further , if this letter
is of no interest to you and your company , please press the " unsubscribe " button
in this mail .
the easiest way to start cooperating with bluecom danmark a / s is through our
user - friendly website . if any of the features detailed below are of interest
to your company , please click on the link and our cooperation has already begun .
customer :
would you like the best prices on the market , plus 24 - hour delivery and an
incredible 30 days credit ?
then maybe you would like to become our partner or customer .
we are able to offer the absolute best prices on the market because of our large - scale
procurement of a small number of specific products . our range includes products
from ibm , compaq and hp options such as notebooks , pcs and monitors . we also
offer pc parts such as ram , cpus , vga cards , motherboards , wireless products ,
original mobile phones and accessories , hard disks , dvd , cd - rw , tft screens ,
from the following top companies : asus , ecs , abit , creative , intel , amd , u . s .
robotics , lg , plextor , belkin , benq , samsung , ibm software and many more .
besides delivering at the very best prices , we offer real - time updated prices
through our customer lounge , 24 - hour delivery all over europe and 30 days credit .
please click here : customers
lounge
supplier :
are you a future supplier to bluecom danmark a / s ?
bluecom danmark a / s keeps it suppliers updated on products in demand , the specific
volumes on request , and of course the target prices . if you would like to see
which products and target prices we are interested in right now ,
please click here : suppliers
lounge
everybody :
would you like to receive it news ?
bluecom danmark a / s offers it news for free . we produce a newsletter with
articles covering the changes in our industry , new products , tariff rates and
general trends in the it - market . the newsletter also contains information about
bluecom danmark a / s and the development of its business partners .
please click here : it - news
would you like more information about bluecom danmark a / s ?
for further information please do not hesitate to contact bluecom danmark a / s .
you can also visit our homepage at : www . bluecom . com
thanks for your time . we look forward to hearing from you .
best regards
jens fournais
managing director
bluecom danmark a / s
to unsubscribe from this mailing
list , please click here : unsubscribe
( you are subscribed with this e - mail address : fork @ spamassassin . taint . org )
