Subject: michael asked me to send this to you .
hi ,
want to increase your chances of winning a big jackpot in those
internet contests ?
michael khalili , the famous programmer who you may have read about
in usa today and other newspapers , came up with a method that makes
it hundreds of times easier to win online .
he recently wrote a program that will automatically enter you in
online contests - - over and over until you win ( or tell it to stop ) .
we at grab . com are so excited by this system that we ' re putting it
online for our members to use .
the prize is yours - guaranteed !
if you win a contest using this program , the prize is legally yours
to keep - - guaranteed ! our lawyers assured us that michael ' s program
is legal , and online contest sponsors have confirmed that it doesn ' t
violate their rules . so if you win a prize , you ' ll receive it .
if you don ' t receive it , we ' ll pay you ourselves . guaranteed .
free to use .
best of all , this service is free to use . all you pay for is related
network expenses - - which only cost $ 1 for 7 days of the service .
that ' s dozens of entries for what you ' d usually pay to get a single
lottery ticket !
as a member in good standing of this mailing , we ' ve already
set up the automatic entry system for you . all that ' s left
is for you to turn it on . once you do , you can sit back and watch it
enter you into contest after contest after contest after contest . . . .
click
here to begin !
p . s . this system will continue to enter you into hundreds of free
contests until you win ( or cancel it ) .
p . p . s . all the prizes you win are yours to keep - - guaranteed !
( c )
copyright grab . com 2002 .
remove yourself from this list by either :
entering your email address below and clicking remove :
or
reply to this message with the word remove in the subject line .
this message was sent to address cypherpunks @ einstein . ssz . com
pmguid : 1 dx . 2 qbm . fsi 52
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
