Subject: harvest lots of e - mail addresses quickly !
dear cpunks ,
want
to harvest a lot of email addresses in a very short time ?
easy email
searcher is
a powerful email software that
harvests general email lists from mail servers easy email searcher can get 100 , 000 email addresses directly from the email
servers in only one hour !
easy email
searcher is a 32 bit windows program for e - mail marketing . it
is intended for easy and convenient search large e - mail address lists
from mail servers . the program can be operated on windows 95 / 98 / me / 2000
and nt .
easy email
searcher support multi - threads ( up to 512
connections ) .
easy email
searcher has the ability to reconnect to the mail
server if the server has disconnected and continue the searching at the
point where it has been interrupted .
easy email
searcher has an ergonomic interface that is easy to set up
and simple to use .
? ? easy email searcher is an email
address searcher and bulk e - mail sender . it can verify more than 5500
email addresses per minute at only 56 kbps speed . it even allows you send
email to valid email address while searching . you can save the searching
progress and load it to resume work at your convenience . all you need to
do is just input an email address , and press the " search "
button .
very
low price ! - - - - - - - now , the full version of easy email
searcher only costs $
39 . 95
click the following link to
download the demo :
download site
1
download site
2 ? ? if you can not download this program , please
copy the following link into your url , and then click " enter " on your
computer keyboard .
here is the
download links :
disclaimer : we are strongly against continuously sending
unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special
mailings . we have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to
overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited
email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click this
link mailto : removal @ btamail . net . cn
. this message is a commercial advertisement . it is compliant
with all federal and state laws regarding email messages including the
california business and professions code . we have provided the subject
line " adv " to provide you notification that this is a commercial
advertisement for persons over 18 yrs old .
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
