Subject: cost - effective mlm / bizop phone - screened leads
hello ,
premium phone qualified
business opportunity leads
if you ' re spending money marketing a business opportunity or mlm ,
you will definitely be interested in
what we have to offer you .
you ' re tired of blindly spending money for leads and not having
any idea what kind of response you ' ll get from it . sometimes
calling 100 people without one single signup ! sometimes
talking to people who have been bombarded by bizop pitches
to the point of them hanging up when you call ! ( leads oversold )
we ' re here to help !
we ' ll get you qualified leads for your mlm or business opportunity .
period .
no qualifiers , no conditions , no nonsense .
we ' ll do it quickly , and professionally .
and we won ' t ask you for a single dime without guaranteeing results !
here ' s how we generate our leads . . .
- all of these leads are generated in - house !
- one source we use for lead - generation is a business opportunity
seeker lead list of people who have requested info . about making
extra income from home by either filling out an online questionnaire ,
or responding to an email ad , classified ad , postcard , etc . , .
- the other source we use is an automated call center .
we have computerized software that dials up local residents ,
plays a recorded message asking them if they ' re interested in
making money from home . if they are , the system records their
name and phone number for us to call back and qualify .
- the prospects that come from either of the above sources are then
phone interviewed by us , here in our offices and the following
info . is asked ( after confirming their desire to find an opportunity ) :
name :
email :
phone :
best time to call :
state :
reason they want to work from home ! :
how much they want to make per month :
how much time they can commit per week :
how much money they have available for startup :
if they see an opportunity , how soon they would get started :
we ' ll close by telling them they ' ll be contacted by no
more than 3 or 4 people regarding different opportunities .
- then the leads are submitted to a website we set up for you ,
from which the results are then forwarded to you by email .
- this way , you get the leads fresh , and in * real - time *
( only minutes old ) . never more than 24 hours old . guaranteed !
- we guarantee that you ' ll receive at least a valid name ,
phone number and the time - date stamp corresponding to when
the lead was generated ! however , almost all leads will have
all of the information asked above .
benefits of our phone qualified lead generation system :
1 . they will be extremely qualified due to the nature of the
qualifying questions that will be asked ( above ) .
2 . they are super - fresh ! delivered in real - time only moments
after they are contacted and qualified ! ( not 30 - 120 days old )
3 . they ' re targeted . each lead we generate originates from a
targeted list of business opportunity seekers .
4 . they ' re highly receptive ! receptivity is very , very high
because they aren ' t bombarded by tons of people pitching
them on opportunities ! also they ' ll remember speaking to
someone over the phone . especially since we tell them to
expect your call !
5 . no feast or famine activity . leads will be coming in
regularly . you dictate the flow !
6 . no more cold calls ! we tell your prospects you ' ll be calling .
7 . you can * personalize * your approach with the info . you
get with each lead !
8 . save time . naturally , better leads means less calls to get a sale .
9 . lower burnout factor . calling red - hot leads makes it easier
to pick up the phone , day in and day out .
10 . you can sort your leads based on their responses and call the
hottest ones first .
11 . you can get new reps started quicker using these leads due
to higher closing ratios . of course , this builds faster and stronger
momentum , and skyrockets new rep retention as a result of
quick successes .
12 . the leads will be uniform - almost all leads will have the info .
indicated above . ( all leads will have valid phone numbers . )
13 . they ' re double - qualified because to generate the lead ,
a list of previous business opportunity seekers is used .
14 . excellent control of the flow of leads coming through .
if you ' ve been trying to run things too long without a steady flow of high
quality leads , call us now to get things in motion . just let us know
what program you want to advertise and we ' ll create a customized
lead - generation campaign for you .
since your need to get business moving has probably never been
more critical than it is today , why not call us now !
these are fresh , highly qualified leads because these people aren ' t
just responding to some generic business opportunity ad , they ' re
contacted over the phone specifically for your company ! and we
forward you the leads within minutes of the lead being generated - not
days , weeks , or months !
start generating as many sign - ups as you can handle !
explode your downline and income !
call for details and discount pricing !
toll free 1 - 866 - 853 - 8319 ext . 1
or email us here for full details
to opt out click here
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing
real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !
http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
