Subject: lose 28 pounds in 10 days 30201
long time no chat !
how have you been ? if you ' ve been like me , you ' ve been trying
trying almost everything to lose weight . i know how you feel
- the special diets , miracle pills , and fancy exercise
equipment never helped me lose the pounds i needed to lose
either . it seemed like the harder i worked at it , the less
weight i lost - until i heard about ' extreme power plus ' .
you ' re probably thinking to yourself , " oh geez , not another
miracle diet pill ! " like you , i was skeptical at first , but
my sister said it helped her lose 23 pounds in just 2 weeks ,
so i told her i ' d give it a try . i mean , there was nothing
to lose except a lot of weight ! let me tell you , it was
the best decision i ' ve ever made . period . six months later ,
as i ' m writing this message to you , i ' ve gone from 355 pounds
to 210 pounds , and i haven ' t changed my exercise routine or diet
at all . yes , i still eat pizza , and lots of it !
i was so happy with the results that i contacted the manufacturer
and received permission to resell it - at a huge discount . i feel
the need to help other people lose weight like i did , because it
does so much for your self - esteem , not to mention your health .
i am giving you my personal pledge that ' extreme power plus '
absolutely will work for you . 100 % money - back guaranteed !
if you are frustrated with trying other products , without having
any success , and just not getting the results you were promised ,
then i recommend the only product that worked for me -
' extreme power plus ' !
you ' re probably asking yourself , " ok , so how does this stuff
actually work ? "
extreme power plus contains lipotropic fat burners and ephedra which
is scientifically proven to increase metabolism and cause rapid
weight loss . no " hocus pocus " in these pills - just results ! ! !
here is the bottom line . . .
i can help you lose 10 - 15 pounds per week naturally , without
exercising and without having to eat rice cakes all day .
just try it for one month - there ' s pounds to lose and confidence
to gain ! you will lose weight fast - guaranteed . this is my
pledge to you .
bonus ! order now & get free shipping on 3 bottles or more !
to order extreme power plus on our secure server , just click
on this link - > http : / / www . 2002 dietspecials . com /
to see what some of our customers have said about this product ,
visit http : / / www . 2002 dietspecials . com / testimonials . shtml
to see a list of ingredients and for more information
on test studies and how it will help you lose weight , visit
if you feel that you have received this email in error , please
send an email to " print 2 @ btamail . net . cn " requesting to be
removed . thank you , and we apologize for any inconvenience .
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek
welcome to geek heaven .
http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
