Subject: please , assisst .
hello ,
i am a citizen of zaire , son of the late former
president of zaire ( president mobutu sese seko )
since the death of my late father some years ago i have
been residing in south africa on temporary political asylum . on my arrivalin south africa after my late father ' s burial , i came in with a diplomatic
packaged consignment containing the sum of $ 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eight million united states dollars ) which i got from part of the money my late father made through diamonds sales when he was the president of zaire for about 32 years . precisely , since my arrival with the diplomatic packaged consignment it has been safely kept with a security company here in south africa .
i do not want to invest this money in any part of
africa due to the constant political instability in
africa . my plan is to use this money to invest in a
profitable business in any part of the world apart
from africa , also to purchase a residential
accommodation . i will come over and settle there
with my family . hence , i am soliciting for your
assistance as my foreign partner to receive this
money on my behalf on arrival abroad and to keep it
in a safe place pending my arrival to join you up .
upon the receipt of your acceptance to my proposal , i can immediately arrange for the money to leave nigeria in your favour ( i . e . as the beneficiary ) for onward
movement to where you can receive the consignment .
please if you are willing to assist me , do send in
your reply immediately based on the following : -
1 ) the percentage of this amount which you intend
to charge for your assistance , please feel free to
express your mind ,
( 2 ) include your private telephone and fax numbers
to enhance the confidentiality , which this business
demands .
i shall inform you on the next line of action as
soon as i receive your positive response . 10 % of the total money will be set aside for any extra expenditure . i assure you that this deal is 100 % risk
free as long as we keep it to ourselves .
your urgent response through my e - mail shall be
highly appreciated .
best regards ,
tamko mobutu .
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing
real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !
http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim
spamassassin - sightings mailing list
