Subject: look ! desparately seeking 100 lazy people . . . . who wants to make money
this is not spam . thanks for posting to our promotional web sites . if you
wish to no longer receive email from us at this email address , or if you feel
you received this email in error please send an email message to
solution 244 @ hotmail . com with " remove " placed in the subject line
dear friend ,
we are desparately looking for 100 lazy people
who wish to make lots of money without working .
we are not looking for people who are self - motivated .
we are not looking for people who join every ' get rich
quick ' scheme offered on the internet .
we are not looking for class presidents , beautiful
people , career builders or even college graduates .
we don ' t even want union workers or trade school graduates .
we want the laziest people that exist - the guys and
gals who expect to make money without lifting a finger .
we want the people who stay in bed until noon .
we want those of you who think that getting out of bed to go
lay on the couch is an effort that is best not thought about .
if you meet this criteria , go to this site and join free :
in case you haven ' t figured it out yet , we want
the kind of people who do not take risks .
if you are the kind of person who will consider doing
something that ' s not a ' sure thing ' , then do not respond .
this is too easy a way to make money
and there ' s no challenge in it .
if you can get to the website , you will be able to see the first home
business in history that requires no work . none .
by clicking on this link and going to
this website , you will be aknowledging the fact that you
want to make enough money that you can quit
your regular job and sleep all day .
we are not looking for a commitment from you
and we don ' t even want your money .
as a matter of fact , we don ' t even want you
to hear from us again if the idea of making lots
of money without working does not interest you .
so if nothing else , remember this -
to make money without working for it just
" join free " . simple as that .
we look forward to hearing from you .
in all seriousness ,
this is not a " no work " program that will make you money without lifting
a finger .
advertising effectively requires work and plenty of it . oh , for sure , it ' s
not like picking cotton under a broiling sun , but it is work , nonetheless .
and we do want peoples ' money only when they see the value of our
products , services and upgrades .
we look forward to hearing from you .
cordially your lazy friend ,
theresa brown
we have 10 extremely targeted safe - lists for you to use daily
in your advertising campaign ! this is spam - free , worry - free advertising at
its best !
get your promotion to prosperity & peace
sow a seed and god will meet your need !
give to your local charitable organization
life in the word
www . joycemeyer . org
success begins in the mind !
* * * make it a great day * * *