Subject: telecom consolidation begins to accelerate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . hrlb
vol .
6 , issue 243 - august 2002
the
wall street bulletin
your
first source for news from the street
symbol : igtt
shares outstanding : 373 , 400 , 0000
float ( est . ) : 52 , 560 , 000
short - term target : $ 3 . 75
52 week high / low : $ 1 . 10 / 0 . 02
rating : strong buy
our last pick
symphony telecom ( otcbb : sypy ) went up 100 % in just one week ! ! !
indiginet identifies
acquisition targets with combined revenues of $ 35 million . . .
telecom consolidation begins to accelerate
the wall street bulletin believes
that the recent
investment of capital into level 3 , lead by warren buffett ,
is further proof of the continued validity of the telecommunication
market when looked at from the perspective of the small to mid - sized
enterprises . after the boom and bust comes the revival . for some
carriers drowning in debt , such as global crossing and worldcom ,
the future may be dim . but for those survivors of the industry
that have managed to remain on their feet , other companies ' problems
mean opportunity . every major industry in the history of
the united states has experienced a similar transformation , from
the railroads in the late 1800 s to the automakers in the mid - 1900 s
to the dot - coms at the end of the 20 th century , says robert
saunders , director of the eastern management group market
research firm . christopher
dean , cto of oss company eftia , says we are seeing all
the people that are the survivors . there ' s all this pent - up money
and for the surviving carriers out there , they can get what used
to cost a few billion for a few millions . read the full
story from telecommunications magazine - see the link at the end
of this newsletter .
as we write this report , our new recommendation
indiginet , inc . ( otcbb :
igtt ) has only been trading on the otc bulletin board since
late may of 2002 . as indiginet , inc . continues to implement its
business plan , we believe this company will help lead the way
up for the resurgence of the telecom sector . this could be our
strongest recommendation of the year . we are giving igtt our highest
rating of strong buy / aggressive growth .
ground floor opportunity / tremendous
growth potential
we believe igtt will perform equally to , if not
greater than its competition . a similar telecommunications company ,
talk america holdings ( nasdaq : talk ) , share
price began to explode in april of this year moving from just
over $ 0 . 40 / share to over $ 4 . 00 / share in late june . talk america
holdings previously had a market cap of only $ 24 . 51 million , but
today has a market cap of $ 267 million .
igtt curently has a market cap of $ 22 . 42 million .
using the talk model for potential growth , igtt could very well
be trading in the . 60 range in only a few months , with a market
cap in excess of $ 250 million . this would be an increase of 1000 % .
so you see why igtt has such great potential and the time is right
for investors to get in on the ground floor .
the indignet strategy
indiginet , inc . is an integrated solutions company
that provides small to mid - sized enterprises ( smes ) with an integrated
communication solution . indiginet is a prestigious diamond
level partner of avaya , as well as a reseller for cisco and
compaq . the company will offer data , local , long distance and
wireless services to smes over third party networks enabling the
company to offer a comprehensive suite of services without the
capital burden of building a communication network . the companys
strategy is to acquire the customer bases of smaller , single market
communication companies and attractively priced internet
service providers ( isps ) . the company recently completed
its acquisitions of fox telecommunications and wbconnect .
indiginet will then expand the breadth of their services to grow
revenue and enhance profitability . smes account for $ 120 billion
in commercial telephony , data services and technology spending ,
or 33 % of the countrys total market , and this spending
is expected to grow at above average rates over the next ten years .
source : morgan stanley dean witter .
the igtt web site : www . indiginet . com
the it market
based on recent studies , the countrys 7 . 4
million smes currently lag significantly in the utilization of
it and data
communications , including internet access , web services , business
software and e - commerce . worldwide it spending increased to $ 981
billion us for the year , an overall increase of 3 . 7 percent over
2001 , according to a study released 7 / 24 / 2002 by market researcher
idc . it spending in 2003 is expected to reach record heights ,
growing by 9 percent worldwide to top the $ 1 trillion mark for
the first time . in idc ' s revised forecasts for it spending in
2002 and 2003 , it spending in the us is expected to increase by
3 percent this year over 2001 to $ 436 billion , with further growth
of 9 percent in 2003 . western europe can expect growth of 4 percent
in 2002 and 6 percent in 2003 . though japan will experience flat
growth levels this year , by next year growth in the market will
return to the tune of 7 percent with particular strength shown
in china , india , korea , russia , the philippines , south africa
and poland . source : idc
particulars
the wall street bulletin is putting igtt on our
strong buy / aggressive growth recommendation list for the following
reasons :
1 . the company ' s strategy is to acquire the customer
bases of smaller , single - market communication companies and attractively
priced internet service providers ( isps ) . the company will sell
its bundled service package to the acquired customer base that
will form a direct and immediate distribution channel for all
types of communication services - local , long distance , wireless ,
and data .
2 . the company is currently serving many customers in the denver / front
range communities but in particular the education vertical market
has recognized the value of integrating a wireless broadband data
network into the existing campus network . the company ' s customers
include united states olympic committee
( usoc ) , university of denver ,
and colorado state university .
3 . the company has identified approximately $ 35 , 000 , 000 in revenues
to acquire comprised of distressed assets to be auctioned in bankruptcy
court and smaller communication providers with valuable customer
bases . each of the targeted companies are within the company ' s
footprint and will , subject to purchase completion , increase the
company ' s embedded customer base .
investment consideration
indiginet inc recently filed its 10 qsb , for the
three months ended march 31 , 2002 . igtt reported revenues of $ 339 , 694
in ql 2002 vs . revenues of $ 0 in ql 2001 . at this current growth
rate , revenues should grow above $ 1 . 3 million for their first
year of production with no increases in acquisitions . as more
and more large corporations come under government scrutiny , investors
will turn to small to mid - sized companies with their investment
dollars .
news - indiginet , inc . completes acquisition of
fox telecommunications , inc . - prnewswire - click
here
news - indiginet , inc . completes acquisition of
wbconnect - prnewswire - click
here
news - telecom consolidation begins to accelerate
- from telecommunications magazine - click
here
industry interests - telecommunications websites :
tia online - telecommunications
magazine - it world
the wall
street bulletin is an independent newsletter and is not affiliated
with indiginet , inc .
the wall street bulletin is an independent
research firm . this report is based on the wall street bulletins
independent analysis but also relies on information supplied by
sources believed to be reliable . this report may not be the opinion
of igtt management . the wall street bulletin has also been retained
to research and issue reports on igtt and was paid ten thousand
dollars by a shareholder of the company . the wall street bulletin
may from time to time buy or sell igtt common shares in the open
market without notice . the information contained in this report
is not intended to be , and shall not constitute , an offer to sell
or solicitation of any offer to buy any security . it is intended
for information only . some statements may contain so - called forward - looking
statements . many factors could cause actual results to
differ . investors should consult with their investment advisor
concerning igtt . copyright 2002 the wall street bulletin
- all rights reserved
i no longer wish to receive your
newsletter click
here
http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork