Subject: call me on my telephone number 234 - 80 - 33357110
dear friend ,
may i briefly introduce myself to you . i am hajia maryam abacha , the wife of late nigerian head of state , general sanni abacha , who died on the 8 th of june 1998 . ever since the death of my husband , my family has been facing a lot of problems mostly with the present civilian government . consequently , my son - mohammed abacha has been under torture in detention for a sin he did not commit and made to make a lot of confessions as regards valuables and money , including that of my late husband entrusted in his hand for safe keeping .
the latest is the confession of the us $ 700 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( seven hundred million united states dollars ) cash his late father gave him for safe keeping . please check news watch magazine of may 8 th / 15 th , 2000 issue on [ website : http : / / www . newswatchngr . com ] to confirm the above story . also the recent publication by this day newspaper on thursday march lst edition , which london court clear ways for more recovery of abacha ' s family looted money . please confirm this issue on website ; http : / / www . thisdayonline . com , click the archieve / 2001 / march 2001 / thursday march lst .
on this note , i deposited a total sum of us $ 40 , 300 , 000 . 00 ( forty million , three hundred thousand united states dollars ) sometimes march last year with a security company abroad ( name withheld for now ) . normally , we ( 1 and mohammed abacha ) usually do such transactions , by first sending the money out by cargo to security company outside nigeria , as photographic materials .
and thereafter go to the security company for claims before transferring it to any bank of our choice . presently , i cannot travel out of nigeria , because , if you have gone through the above mentioned website address , you will see how my son ' s confessions had implicated my husband and in fact the whole of my family . this has actually caused the federal government of nigeria to confiscate our international passports , frozen every of my family member ' s bank accounts , both home and abroad , even our properties .
my problem now is , i want someone that can assist me move the us $ 40 , 300 , 000 . 00 ( forty million three hundred thousand united states dollars ) out from the security company and move the money to your country .
i shall be ready to negotiate with you any percentage you might want from the sum . on your advice i shall be ready to invest my own share of the sum in your country . i assure you that there will be no problems at all in the course of moving out the money . please kindly contact me on my e - mail : mrsabacha _ 11 @ mail . com or fax 234 - 1 - 7590893 , i shall so much appreciate your immediate response for full details of the business which shall be given to you by my second son mallam mustafa abacha . you should note also that my son - mallam mustapha abacha shall handle all cases as regards this business ; as he is well abreast with this transaction for i do not have access to telephone lines now because they have been tossed by security agents and my movement is being monitored . i would like my son ( mallam mustafa abacha ) to settle down or be involved in a dating relationship with any lucky foreign lady at the successful completion of the transaction .
in acknowledgement of my proposal , i would want you to furnish me with your telephone number , fax number and address so as to enable my son whom will be dealing with you directly to easily have you communicate as to how you will receive this money on our behalf risk - free .
thanking you in anticipation to your kind understanding and cooperation . i am looking forward for a healthy business relationship with you and my entire household .
hoping to hear from you .
best regards ,
hajia maryam abacha .
call me on my telephone number 234 - 80 - 33357110
please for security reasons reply through to the fax number fax 234 - 1 - 7590893 instead of the email as it is general to all the family member .