Subject: [ ilug ] stop the mlm insanity
greetings !
you are receiving this letter because you have expressed an interest in
receiving information about online business opportunities . if this is
erroneous then please accept my most sincere apology . this is a one - time
mailing , so no removal is necessary .
if you ' ve been burned , betrayed , and back - stabbed by multi - level marketing ,
mlm , then please read this letter . it could be the most important one that
has ever landed in your inbox .
multi - level marketing is a huge mistake for most people
mlm has failed to deliver on its promises for the past 50 years . the pursuit
of the " mlm dream " has cost hundreds of thousands of people their friends ,
their fortunes and their sacred honor . the fact is that mlm is fatally
flawed , meaning that it cannot work for most people .
the companies and the few who earn the big money in mlm are not going to
tell you the real story . finally , there is someone who has the courage to
cut through the hype and lies and tell the truth about mlm .
here ' s good news
there is an alternative to mlm that works , and works big ! if you haven ' t yet
abandoned your dreams , then you need to see this . earning the kind of income
you ' ve dreamed about is easier than you think !
with your permission , i ' d like to send you a brief letter that will tell you
why mlm doesn ' t work for most people and will then introduce you to
something so new and refreshing that you ' ll wonder why you haven ' t heard of
this before .
i promise that there will be no unwanted follow up , no sales pitch , no one
will call you , and your email address will only be used to send you the
information . period .
to receive this free , life - changing information , simply click reply , type
" send info " in the subject box and hit send . i ' ll get the information to you
within 24 hours . just look for the words mlm wall of shame in your inbox .
cordially ,
siddhi
p . s . someone recently sent the letter to me and it has been the most
eye - opening , financially beneficial information i have ever received . i
honestly believe that you will feel the same way once you ' ve read it . and
it ' s free !
this email is never sent unsolicited . this is not " spam " . you are receiving
this email because you explicitly signed yourself up to our list with our
online signup form or through use of our ffa links page and e - maildom
systems , which have explicit terms of use which state that through its use
you agree to receive our emailings . you may also be a member of a altra
computer systems list or one of many numerous free marketing services and as
such you agreed when you signed up for such list that you would also be
receiving this emailing .
due to the above , this email message cannot be considered unsolicitated , or
spam .
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie