Subject: be your own private eye online
internet
investigator
- new for
2002 -
internet
software for online investigations
find
out anything about anyone
online
uncover
information about :
enemies ,
debtors ,
neighbors , friends , employees , co - workers , your boss , yourself ,
associates , former school or military buddies , even a new love
interest .
become
an internet investigator and explore an exciting new world of
valuable information .
with internet investigator
you can investigate :
people ,
credit
records , social security numbers , employment records , school
records , criminal records , driving records , addresses , phone
numbers ( even some unlisted ) , hidden assets , family trees
and
a whole lot more !
click
here for more information
unsubscribe instructions
this message is a commercial
advertisement . it is in full compliance with all federal and state laws
regarding email advertising , including the california business and professions
code . we have provided opt out email contact so you can
request to be taken off our mailing list . in addition we have placed
adv : in the subject line to provide you with notification
in advance that this is a commercial advertisement . we do not wish to
send our advertising to anyone who does not wish to receive it . if you would rather not receive any further information from
us , please click
to be taken off our list . in this way you can opt - out from
the list your email address was obtained from , whether it was opt - in
or otherwise . please allow 5 - 10 business days for your email address
to beprocessed and taken offall lists in our control . meanwhile ,
delete any duplicate emails that you may receive and rest assured that
your request will be honored . if you have previously requested to be
taken off this list and are still receiving this advertisement ,
you may call us at 1 - ( 888 ) 817 - 9902 , or write to : abuse control center ,
7657 winnetka ave . , suite 245 , canoga park , ca 91306
