Subject: ebay , be debt free by 2003 ! 8119
ebay auction news
* *
recommended resource - special edition * *
monday , august 26 th , 2002
multiple
streams of revenue using ebay and internet :
free auction profits toolkit and
free training class
( for the first 200 respondents )
you have
been selected to participate in this free offer .
this ebay and internet e - course , live web training
conference , and auction profit toolkit could easily sell
for $ 297 - but it ' s yours absolutely free !
this special free offer has been brought
to you by your friends at ebay auction news . craig meyer
( the auction man ) has agreed to provide you a free
live training class that you won ' t
want to miss .
you might say craig meyer - the auction man ?
that ' s because most of you remember craig as the real estate
guru who in 1997 helped over 2 , 000 families buy their own
homes using little or none of their own money . craig was
featured on television programs throughout the country
for this incredible effort . craig is not one of those get
rich quick gurus - but a guy who has helped families
realize the american dream - i will tell you craig meyer
is the real deal !
craig and his staff have
invested hundreds of thousands of dollars and thousands
of hours testing , testing and more testing - craig has
developed an incredible system for making big money using
ebay and the internet this system will be revealed to you
in - craig ' s brand new live online conference - craig is
providing a limited number of ebay auction news subscribers
the opportunity to attend this conference for free !
register for the class :
click here
# 1 free live online training class -
craig meyer ' s multiple streams of revenue using ebay and
the internet !
sessions
start :
8 / 28 / 2002 - 5 : 00 pm pst - 6 : 30 pm pst
9 / 02 / 2002 - 9 : 00 am pst - 10 : 30 am pst
9 / 03 / 2002 - 5 : 00 pm pst - 6 : 30 pm pst
9 / 05 / 2002 - 9 : 00 am pst - 10 : 30 am pst
9 / 09 / 2002 - 9 : 00 am pst - 10 : 30 am pst
9 / 10 / 2002 - 5 : 00 pm pst - 6 : 30 pm pst
pre - recorded class ( anytime )
this is
the live online training class that started it all . . . this
class can help you learn how to create multiple streams
of ebay and internet revenue for life ! this
course is personally taught online by craig meyer
himself ! plus , when you attend , you will get :
the entire
auction profits toolkit absolutely free ! a $ 297 value !
just think about it . . . you will have personal and
individual training ! craig will be teaching you all of
his proven , successful , and profitable wealth secrets -
live , interactive , intense and jam packed with
information !
plus - during craig ' s live online class he will reveal
the secret to making $ 12 , 000 in the next 30 days - no
hype , i promise this is the real deal - you don ' t want to
miss this conference so respond right now !
are you interested in financial freedom ?
are you interested in having multiple streams of income ?
are you willing to work with craig personally to achieve
these goals ?
are you ready to the auction profit toolkit and training class free ?
if so ,
just go to the registration page :
click here
get registered now ! you ' ll receive a confirmation email
immediately after you register .
keep the confirmation email handy ! it
contains all the codes and access numbers to view the
program on your pc and get on the call !
this conference will be sold out - actually since the
entire program is free it will simply fill up - once it
is full - it ' s full - to guarantee your participation
register right now !
here is how you
register lock in your position :
you have to
go to this website :
click here
be sure to do it now - the web conference and auction profits course are going to go quickly . . . and i don ' t want
you to miss out !
sincerely ,
taylor brooks
ebay auction news
to be removed ,
click here
