Subject: [ ilug ] important .
> > from the desk of : dr . samuel eboka .
tel no : your intl . access code + 873762692484
fax no : your intl . access code + 873762692485
email : samueleboka 2 @ email . com
lagos , nigeria .
dear sir ,
important .
after due deliberation with my colleagues , we have decided to forward to
you this business proposal . we want a reliable
person who could assist us in the transfer the sum of twenty million , five
hundred thousand united states dollars (
$ 20 , 500 , 000 ) . via international bank draft cashable in any first world
countries .
this fund resulted from an over - invoiced bill from contracts awarded by us
under the budget allocation to our ministry . this
bill has been approved for payment by the other concerned ministries . the
contract has since been executed ,
commissioned and the contractor was paid the actual cost of the contract .
we are left with the balance us $ 20 . 5 m as part
of the over - invoiced amount which we have deliberated over estimated for
our own use . but under our protocol division , we
as civil servants are forbidden to operate or own foreign accounts . this
is why we are soliciting your assistance in this
manner and regard .
as you may want to know and to make you less curious , i got your address
from adverts in the business directory . i am the
chief accountant / internal auditor of the contract award committee ( cac )
of the nigerian national petroleum corporation
( nnpc ) . this transaction is very much free from all sorts of risks and
trouble from my government . we the n . n . p . c .
officials involved in this deal have put in many years in service to this
ministry . we have been exercising patience for this
opportunity for so long and to most of us this is a life time opportunity
we cannot afford to miss .
we have agreed to compensate you duly if agreement is reached by both of
us and i and one of my colleagues
involved in this deal will come to your country to arrange for our share ,
upon the confirmation from you that the certified
international bank draft has been approved and raised in your favor .
consequent upon your acceptance of this proposal , kindly confirm your
interest by telephone to me , through my direct tel
no : + 873 - 762 - 692484 . ( please call direct , do not add my country ( 234 ) and
city ( 1 ) codes ) . your indication by revert
telephone to me of your sincere and serious interest will enable me fax
you or brief you of the procedures for this
transaction . if my line is busy , please keep trying you will surely get
through .
note : in the event of your inability to handle this transaction please
inform us so that we can look for another reliable
person who can assist in this respect .
it might surprise you why we choose you and trusted you for this
transaction . yes , we believe that good friends can be
discovered and business like this can not be realized without mutual
trust . this is why we have decided to trust you for this
transaction . be further informed that everyone ’ s interest and
security had been considered before you were contacted , so be rest assured
and feel free to go into this transaction with
us .
but let honesty and trust be our watchword throughout this transaction and
your prompt reply will be highly appreciated .
thank you , and god bless .
best regards ,
dr . samuel eboka .
note : - that you can use this alternative email addresses :
samueleboka 2 @ email . com , sameboka @ uymail . com
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie