Subject: business proposal .
bassey & associates
falomo , ikoyi .
lagos - nigeria .
for your kind attention ,
re : request for mutually benefitting endeavour .
i humbly crave your indulgence in sending you this mail , if the contents does not meet with your personal
and business ethics , i apologize in advance .
i am barrister williams bassey ( attorney at law ) , i represent alhaji ishmaila ibrahim gwarzo & # 8217 s estates . alhaji gwarzo was the chief security advicer of the then military leader of this country ( nigeria ) in the person of late general sani abacha who died on the 8 th of june 1998 .
with the advent of a new democratic dispensation in the country under the leadership of gen . olusegun obasanjo ( rtd ) , my client has come under severe persecution due to the sensitive position he held in the last military regime , presently he is under house arrest restricted only to the confines of his village .
the main purpose of this mail is to intimate you of a business proposal that might be of interest to you . my
client has informed me of the existence of funds deposited with a security company abroad . this fund
came about as part of security votes that were allocated to my client ' s portfolio during his tenure
as chief security advicer to the then president . what happened was that he had part of the funds transferred
from the vaults of the central bank of nigeria to this security outfit with the aim of purchasing arms and ammunitions for the personal security outfit of the then president . but before the purchase could take place the president died . my client has deceided to keep this for himself as all his properties has been
confisticated by the present regime . but due to his incarceration he cannot travel out and effect the
change of possession to his benefit .
i have been mandated by my client to source for a foreign partner that can help him facilitate the
change of possession . the deposit certificate and the code needed for the execution of this endeavour are in
my possession .
the funds in question is usd 33 . 6 m ( thirty - three million , six hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . should this proposition be of interest to you , you can reach me through my e - mail address so that we can go
through the rudiments of this endeavour .
i remain most obliged .
barrister williams bassey ( jp ) .
principal partner . - bassey & associates
