Subject: [ ilug - social ] urgent assistant needed
dear friend ,
i am mrs . sese - seko widow of late president mobutu sese - seko of zaire , now known as democratic republic of congo ( drc ) . i am moved to write you this letter .
this was in confidence considering my present circumstance and situation . i escaped along with my husband and two of our sons james kongolo and nzanga out of democratic republic of congo ( drc ) to abidjan , coted ' ivoire where my family and i settled , while we later moved to settled in morroco where my husband later died of cancer disease . however , due to this situation we decided to change most of my husband ' s billions of dollars deposited in swiss bank and other countries into other forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new head of state of ( dr ) mr laurent kabila has made arrangement with the swiss government and other european countries to freeze all my late husband ' s treasures deposited in some european countries .
hence , my children and i decided laying low in africa to study the situation
till when things gets better . like now that president kabila is dead and the son taking over
( joseph kabila ) . one of my late husband ' s chateaux in southern france was confiscated by the french government , and as such i had to change my identity so that my investment will not be traced and confiscated . i have deposited the sum eighteen million united state
dollars ( us $ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 . ) with a security company for safe keeping . what i want you to do is to indicate yourinterest that you can assist us in receiving the money on our behalf , so that i can introduce you to my son ( kongolo ) who has the out modalities for the claim
of the said funds . i want you to assist in investing this money , but i will not want my identity revealed . i will also want to acquire real / landed properties and
stock in multi - national companies and to engage in other safe and non - speculative investments as adviseby your good self . may i at this point emphasize the high level of
confidentiality , which this upcoming project demands , and hope you will not betray the trust and
confidence , which i repose in you . in conclusion , if you want to assist us , my son ( kongolo ) shall divulgeto you all briefs regarding this project , tell you where
the funds are currently being maintained and also discuss remuneration for your services . for this reason kindly furnish us your contact information , that is your personal telephone and fax number for validation purpose and acknowledge receipt of this mail using the above email address .
yours sincerely ,
mrs . mariam m . seseseko .
- -
irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie