Subject: i need an urgent capable assistance . tel : + 225 05775748
mr martin francis
abidjan cote d ’ ivoire
west africa
tel : + 225 05775748 .
urgent and noble proposal
attn : director .
dear ,
i wish to extend my greeting to you and your entire
family . i got your contact from the ivoirian chamber
of commerce , i prayed over it and selected your name
among other names because of its esteeming
nature . morever , after my strong prayers and fasting ,
god reveals to me that you are straight forward ,
honest and god ’ s person .
this is the reason i never waste time to propose you
this business for our mutual benefits . infact , you
will never regret it provided you give me your
possible best cooperate hand , believe me .
i am martin francis , a cote d ’ ivoire national and the
only child of late mr and mrs francis . my late father
was the former financial controller of côte d ’ ivoire
telecommunication ( citelcom ) . my father died due to
the heat of political crisis in my country recently
last years . but , i am motherless since , before my fathers
late and the death of my mother on 26 september 1993
was as a result of spiritual attack by our family
member who hated her just because of my fathers
wealth .
moreover , they tried their own part as well against my
father and myself but negative because god almighty
is available at our side . infact god is wonderful .
although , before the death of my father in one of the
private hospital here , he secretly revealed to me
specifically on family matters and mostly the safety
of his monies us $ 16 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( sixteen million , five
hundred thousand united states dollars ) which he
deposited in a bank here in my county abidjan ,
côte d ’ ivoire and used my name , martin francis as the
next of kin for the deposits . this amount was accrued
from an over - invoiced contract award for the
construction of an underground telephone network to
replace the former in the new city ( yamoussoukro ) and
other major cities also for installation of the
microwave station awarded to my late father , mr joseph
francis in 1999 to expatiate companies . in fact , after
the finished payment of contract workers , my late
father deposited this fund in a bank as the full
beneficiary contractor of the said company ( citelcom )
this is the fund i want to transferred to your account
as the beneficiary contractor due for payment , provided
you cooperate . therefore i am seeking your full and
urgent assistance for the telegraphic transfer of
this sixteen million and five hundred thousand united
states dollars , us $ 16 , 500 . 000 us dollars to your
designated account for a very good business investment
in your country as due to the instruction my father
gave to me before he late . what i require from you are
as follows .
1 . your private telephone and fax number for easy and
strict communication
2 . your bank particular for smooth and successful
remittance of this monies to your nominated account
3 . you have to make necessary arrangement for me to
meet with you immediately the monies is been
transferred in your account and confirmed by you .
4 . you have to secure a college for me in your country
to further my education .
5 . you will have to be my guardian and part of the
joint venture investment when i get to your country .
furthermore , my late father had instructed me to offer
20 % of the total sum to the person who is to assist
me out for the transferring of this fund .
moreover , i wish to assure you that this transaction
would be concluded within the next ( 3 ) days you signify
interest to assist me out . i suggest that this
transaction should be handled in strict confidence
because i have work out fine every modalities
concerning the transfer of this fund .
please and please , kindly hasten up the arrangement as
quickly as possible because my late father instructed
me not to invest this monies in this country côte -
d ’ ivoire . that i should invest abroad of my choice for
the benefit of myself and for security reasons .
thank very much in anticipation of your
acknowledgement of this business proposal and do not
hesitate to contact me immediately you receive this
message with this my direct telephone number mentioned
above , tel : + 225 05775748 for us to proceed
immediately . please and please , don ’ t fail .
waiting for your urgent response now
thanks very much again and god bless .
best regards
martin francis .
do you yahoo ! ? - - une adresse @ yahoo . fr gratuite et en français !
yahoo ! mail : http : / / fr . mail . yahoo . com