Subject: wall street ' s dirty little secret . . .
it was the spring of 1979 .
i was just a tall , goofy looking kid in middle school
with buck - teeth and freckles . each day in the
cafeteria , i walked from table to table . . .
stealing other kids ' lunch money .
no , i didn ' t rob them with a gun or a knife - i just made
them a little deal . " let me borrow two dollars today , " i said ,
" and i ' ll bring you five dollars next week . " the investment
was too good to pass up , and other kids were throwing their
lunch money at me like gravy on mashed potatoes . of course
when " next week " rolled around and i couldn ' t pony up the cash ,
i promised to pay them even more the week after that ,
if they would just let me keep their investment a little bit
longer .
eventually the end of the year came and went , high school
started and with it came girls , and homework , and parties ,
and sports , and those poor kids from eighth grade had more
things on their mind than last year ' s lunch money .
i made off with a tidy sum for a middle school kid ,
and i didn ' t even get beat up .
hidden inside this story are the two greatest stock market
secrets you will ever learn .
first of all , greed is your number one enemy . you ' re not
going to turn $ 2 into $ 5 in a week , so cash out when
you ' re ahead . don ' t wait for the boat to sink before
grabbing the lifejacket .
second , never trust an investment adviser of any kind .
they are looking out for their own money , not yours .
the " professionals " , those stuffy investment counselors and
money managers , will always tell you that the best time to
buy is now . according to those guys , the longer you keep
your money in the market , the more money you ' re going to make .
ask them when is the best time to sell and their answer is
" never " .
in a sense , they are right . if you put $ 250 , 000 in an index
fund right now , you ' ll probably have over a million dollars
in thirty or forty years . but here ' s the problem :
do you want to wait thirty or forty years to be rich ?
hell no !
you want the money now - so you can enjoy it . it ' s hard to
make use of your fortune when you ' re seventy years old
in a wheelchair . if you could make a million dollars in
the next few years , what would you do with it ? where would
you travel ? what kind of car would you buy ?
the fact is . . . youth is the best time to be rich .
if your goal is to make quick profits in the market , volatility
is your ally , and stability your enemy . you want to see
those large upswings , two hundred points in a day , followed
by the four hundred point crash a week later . you don ' t
care if the market went up or down 20 % this year as long
it was unstable . that ' s how you ' re going to make the
money .
what i ' m talking about here is day trading .
my father invests the traditional way ; he holds some good stocks
and he goes up 30 k and down 30 k . in the long term of 5 - 10 years
he makes money .
the day trader buys or sells 5 , 000 shares of xyz for a
$ 25 , 000 profit in a 5 - 10 minute trade . he acts quickly , taking
advantage of all the information at his disposal about a
certain stock , and estimating whether it will go up or
down within hours , sometimes within minutes .
i can teach you how to do this - and how to make amazing
amounts of money at it . it ' s not rocket science , and you
only need to learn a few basic principles to get started .
society would have you believe that successful trading is
complicated and requires formal training .
the truth is , wealthy people use very simple investment
strategies to make money .
popular media and investment professionals portray successful
trading as difficult and complex to scare you out of the boxing
ring . they don ' t want the competetion - and they sure as hell
don ' t want you paying a few dollars to an online trading firm
to execute a trade for which they ' d charge you forty or fifty
dollars .
they make their money only if you believe two lies :
1 ) that investing is too difficult and risky for the average
person .
2 ) that using an investment adviser who charges a high
commission is safer than trading online for a few bucks
per trade .
here is what the financial gurus in today ' s society absolutely ,
positively do not want you to know . . .
the strategies for profitable day trading are in fact
so simple that anyone can do it - provided they spend
a few hours of studying .
after reading over 200 financial books and publications
during the past decade , and after using day trading
to successfully make more than four million dollars in
the stock market , i ' ve learned the following lessons :
* * achieving financial success is incredibly simple .
* * anyone can do it .
* * it only takes a few hours to learn .
when i discovered the secret to day trading , i didn ' t become
wealthy overnight . if you want instant cash , drive to wal - mart .
buy a ski mask and a shotgun , and rob your local bank . the
only way to get rich , quick or otherwise , is through
hard work , knowledge , and determination .
after learning the fundamentals of day trading , i started
practicing the trading art itself , and the first few weeks
brought modest gains . the next few months gave me the practical
experience i needed to really earn a living , and i was pulling
close to a six figure income . in less than three years with no
formal financial training , minimal effort and only moderate risk ,
i had made my first million . the knowledge that i gained
during those formative trading years i am willing to share
with you in my new book , the master trader . you will learn from
my mistakes , and from my successes , as i teach you the simple ,
secret formula for day trading that i ' ve used profitably
year after year .
the income of the day trader can be staggering . thousands , even
hundreds of thousands of dollars can be made or lost within
minutes . the difference between making money and losing your
shirt is simply this : knowledge . i will provide that knowledge ,
and i will give you a winning edge at this high - stakes game .
average income of a day trader :
5 % average an income in excess of $ 500 , 000 per year
22 % average an income in excess of $ 250 , 000 per year
35 % average an income in excess of $ 100 , 000 per year .
27 % average an income between $ 50 , 000 and $ 99 , 999 per year
11 % average an income between $ 20 , 000 and $ 49 , 999 per year
after reading the master trader , you will discover extremely
profitable , simple yet powerful trading methods that give
you an almost unfair trading advantage and make you
win despite the current market weakness .
here is just a snippet of what i will teach you :
* * * make money whether a stock goes up or down .
* * * learn how to get in and out of stocks within split seconds .
* * * learn exactly what stocks to trade , the exact price to
buy them and the exact price to sell them .
* * * save thousands of dollars by learning to avoid the
mistakes beginners make .
* * * learn how to trade stocks like a pro and how to make money
consistently in every market !
* * * learn proven strategies that give you the highest chance
for great success .
* * * profit on huge intraday price swings .
* * * make money on the biggest news stories .
* * * actively manage your risks and learn how to realize maximum
returns .
* * * learn how to use the tools and information wall street
professionals use .
* * * learn how to develop and maintain a winning state of mind .
it ' s time to ask yourself : " am i going to listen to the
professionals who say buy buy buy but never sell ? or am
i going to take control of my own financial future , and
start making money right now in the stock market ? "
who is looking out for your best economic interests - some
wealthy wall street stockbroker , or yourself ?
with the master trader e - book , you will learn everything you
need to know in order to get started with day trading . . . from
choosing the best broker in order to take advantage of the
lowest commissions and instant order executions to professional
trading strategies that make professional traders millions of
dollars .
the master trader e - book is the most comprehensive yet easy to
understand and straight - forward book ever written about active
trading . if you are serious about success in short term stock
trading - order today and start paving the road to your
own financial future .
oh , and remember that scraggly kid in the eighth grade ?
his high school friends laughed when he said he was going to
make money in the stock market .
six years later , he bought a beach - front home on the california
coast - with cash . oops , they weren ' t laughing anymore .
in a rollercoaster market like we have today , day trading
is the fastest track to wealth . if you ' re looking
for a long - term retirement investment with no risk
that goes up 5 % a year , then by all means , this ain ' t
your kind of game .
but if you want the quickest possible way to make a fortune
in the market , with the lowest element of risk , then
order the master trader e - book right now . i promise
to teach you all of the secrets that helped me become a
millionaire through successful day trading .
you don ' t need to know anything about the market , and
anyone can do it , with minimum effort . it ' s an easy
game to win if you know how the pieces move .
order the master trader e - book right now for only $ 49 . 97
by clicking on the link below :
http : / / 4 tools 4 life . com / qs
our company is strictly opposed to unsolicited emails .
to be removed from this list , please send an email
to " bulkexpert @ yahoo . com "
