Subject: [ ilug - social ] urgent assistance
attn :
i am edward mulete jr . the son of mr .
steve mbeki mulete from zimbabwe . i am sorry this mail
will surprise you , though we do not know , my mother mrs . clara
got your contact through her private search .
due to the current war against white farmers in
zimbabwe and the support of president robert mugabe to
claim all white owned farms in our country to gain
favor for re - election .
all white farmers were asked to
surrender their farms to the government for
re - distribution and infact to his political party
members and my father though black was the treasury
of the farmers association and a strong member of an
opposition party that did not support the president
idea . he then ordered his party members and the police
under his pay row to invade my father ' s farm and burn
down everything in the farm . they killed my
father and took away a lot of items from his farm .
after the death of my father , our local pastor and a
close friend of my father handed us over will
documents with instructions from my father that we
should leave zimbabwe incase anything happen to him . the will
documents has a certificate of deposit , confirming a deposit
kept in custody for us in a security company unknown
to the company that the content is money hence it was deposited as
personal belongings and ensure that we do not remain here as we could
easily be found by his enemies . the total amount is
us $ 21 . 5 m . we are therefore soliciting for
your assistance to help us move the fund out of
zimbabwe , as our fate and future is far from
reality , hence this mail to you . the president ' s present ban of
international press into zimbabwe and the drop from office of the
finance minister to avoid giving white farmers fund transfer
clearance above us $ 1 m is just a few of the
unthinkable things he is committing in my country .
i have tried to reach my father ' s close friend mr .
john casahans from australia also a farmer who was
leaving in zimbabwe with us but left with his family
late last year following this ugly development to no
avail .
should you be interested to help us , contact me
immediately via email for easy communication and i
will furnish you with the time frame and modalities of
the transaction . we have concluded a wonderful plan of
caring out the transfer within two weeks . please note that
this transaction isl 00 % confidential and risk free and will
not endanger you or us in any way . we have resolved to give you 20 %
of the total sum upon confirmation of the fund in any
account of your choice were the incident of taxation
will not take much tool on the money and we look
forward to coming over to your country to invest our
share and settle there . i will a private
phone so that our conversation can be
100 % confidential .
please do not use the reply button , reply only to
edmulete 7 @ netscape . net please take note .
god bless you indeed as you help yourself and us .
mr . edward mulete
- -
irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie