Subject: [ ilug ] do not drop your life insurance
dear ilug @ linux . ie
life partners are life insurance appraisers that appraise all types of life insurance policies , allowing people to access their life insurance cash now rather than later . we help individuals unlock cash from unutilized assets .
individuals usually age 65 or older who find that their health , financial and / or estate planning needs have changed are typical candidates . we have had some candidates advised by financial planners to drop their life insurance policies so they could invest their money in a vehicle that will make them a return now . do not drop your policy as it may be worth cash to you now .
why do people sell their policies ?
the reasons individuals make the decision to sell their life insurance policies are as varied as the people themselves . some reasons may be to :
pay off debts
fund long term care insurance cost
eliminate costly premiums
take advantage of other financial opportunities
make charitable contributions
help family members
life partners ‘ living solutions ’
traditionally , life insurance provides benefits only after death . with life partners , it can provide cash benefits for life !
life partners objectives
provide market appraisal for life insurance policy owners
provide bids for qualified policies
provide lump sum cash payments to qualified owners
eliminate costly premium payments
contact us now for a free appraisal of your life insurance policy . remember this is a free service and there is no cost to you ! !
1 - 866 - 686 - life
1 - 866 - 686 - 5433 or e - mail us at llhjr 55 @ yahoo . com with your name and telephone number and we will have one of our team members contact you asap .
if you would like to be removed please send ' remove ' to llhjr 55 @ yahoo . com
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie