Subject: your gateway to wealth
profiles +
professional is a personal and business analysis tool that analyzes
a client ' s insurance , investment and financial planning goals , to
help them see their situation today compared to their objectives .
profiles +
professional is an ideal tool for true financial planning . it not
only provides a thorough analysis , including asset allocation , but
it can calculate tax implications in a client ' s plan . due to its
modular format , it can be used for specific planning needs , as well
as more comprehensive planning .
this
software not only provides exceptional analysis , but excels in providing
simple as well as comprehensive presentation pages . by uncovering
multiple needs , producers sell more products .
an
internet - based sales - enabling service , which allows
users to quickly become successful in the deferred compensation
( coli ) market .
focus on mid - market businesses . in the area of executive benefits ,
the mid - market opportunity should be defined by either the number
of employees within a company , or more specifically by the number
of highly compensated executives within a company .
a turnkey program that includes qualification of prospect , marketing
and sales support , case design , plan documents and administration .
global
insurance funding transaction ( g . i . f . t . ) is a sophisticated premium - financing
program that provides an alternative funding mechanism for life
products purchased to offset large estate and corporate liabilities .
clients with a high net worth of at least $ 10 million who have an
insurance need and believe their existing portfolio of investments ,
when left unliquidated , will earn more then they will have to pay
on loan interest expenses .
g . i . f . t . offers compelling sales solutions , comprehensive supplemental
illustrations and access to a consortium of established banks willing
and able to lend in this market . loans are available in both u . s .
dollars and japanese yen .
please fill out the form below for more information
name :
e - mail :
phone :
city :
state :
zip :
primary insurance carrier :
broker - dealer :
if you are currently contracted with any of the
jefferson pilot financial family of companies ,
please disregard this ad .
we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish
to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to
insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list ,
do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout
legal notice
