Subject: invite : content management summit , oct . 10 th new york city
dear friends ,
the online content business is doing fantastic .
sound crazy ? perhaps . with
advertising , online and off , taking it on the chin
for the past two years , online content sites have been shutting down , laying
off staff and pulling back on their offerings .
however , this horrible environment
has resulted in an undeniable trend : content businesses are challenging
people to pay for content . finally , after five years of free , people are beginning to understand that online , as in the real
world , you get what you pay for and they are taking out their credit cards .
u . s . consumers spent $ 675 millionon paidonline content last
year , a 92 percent increase over 2000 spending levels , according to online
publishers association , and that figure is expected to increase exponentially
this year . look at these success stories :
new york times digital has
been steadily increasing its paid content services over the last year , and
registered a 16 percent increase in its total revenues for the latest quarter .
thestreet . com brought over
$ 3 million in subscriptions last quarter , an increase of almost 50 percent
over the year - ago quarter .
consumerreports . com will
reach over a million paying subscribers by the end of this year .
realnetworks ' consumer multi - media
subscription service has more than 750 , 000 subscribers , bringing in $ 17 . 8
million in the last quarter .
the wall street journal online
added over 6 , 000 new paying customers last quarter , bringing its subscriber
base to 646 , 000 .
ft . com has signed up 17 , 000
subscribers in three months since it launched its premium site in may .
in recognition of this trend we ' re hosting
the third installation of our innovative content management summit on october 10 ,
2002 . the event charts the changes in the content industry from free
to paid subscription services , and the technologies that are enabling the management and monetizing of content .
our previous content management
summit ( aka digital rights summit ) on october 18 last year in new york city
and january 29 in los angeles were unqualified successes .
the content management summit
iii , taking place in new york at the millennium broadway on october 10 ,
2002 , will bring together the 100 executives from the leading content and
distribution firms for a focused day of networking and discovering practical
solutions .
the event will feature presentations
from software and services companies providing services
and solutions for selling , distributing , managing , and protecting content .
we ' re thrilled that
microsoft , teleknowledge , emeta , and liquify will all be demonstrating
their latest products and services .
the event will also feature six intimate round tables focusing on various aspects of online content .
these panels are meant to provide an informal forum to discuss the challenges
facing these specific vertical markets , the changes in the sectors since
the dot - com downfall , and best practices in the industry . the panels will
feature leading practitioners in each sector , and will also include an interactive
question and answer session with the audience .
among the round table topics will be :
weblogs : how they are affecting big media
companies , editorially as well as in content delivery / production mechanisms .
financial news and information
companies : how they are using technologies to deliver content to users ,
and how the economics have changed since the stock market downfall .
business information services
such as hoovers , lexis - nexis and others : best practices in the industry ,
niche product launches and revenue streams .
daily news / newspaper companies
publishing online : how speed dictates technology choices , and the move towards
paid content and its implications , among other issues .
consumer and entertainment
publishers : how do publishers determine the value of entertainment content ,
the push towards paid subscriptions , online advertising and other issues .
join us on october 10 th
for this very important event . if you are directly responsible
for content management at a major content site you may qualify for
a vip ticket . please e - mail your request with your name , title and bio to
invite @ cmsummit . com . if you are
with a software or services provider , or anyone not directly responsible
for the purchase of content management software or solutions , you can purchase
a ticket to this event for $ 1 , 200 at invite @ cmsummit . com .
best regards ,
jason mccabe calacanis
editor - in - chief
ceo , venture reporter silicon alley reporter
this email
is being sent to zzzz @ jmason . org .
if you would
rather not receive these infrequent updates simply click
here and you will be removed instantly .
you can also click the
link here or cut and paste it into your browser :
venture
reporter
307
west 36 th street , 10 th floor
new york , new
york 10018
phoe : 646 . 473 . 2222
