Subject: funds investment
senior advocate of nigeria
barr . williams falana ( san )
dear sir ,
i am barrister williams falana a member of nigeria bar
association ( nba ) . your contact reached me through the world
business encyclopaedia . hence , i made up my mind to introduce
this business to you in confidence for the mutual benefit
of both of us .
the sum of usd 48 m ( forty eight million united states ) was
lodged into a security company here in the country by the
late head of state ( gen . sani abacha ) for safe - keeping . this
money was lodged in security vaults / boxes and labelled as
personal belongings and as such the security company does
not know the true content of the boxes . this money was
originally meant to be used for his political campaign .
because i was his family attorney as such he confided in me
with the relevant document papers relating to this deposit
before he died of cardiac arrest .
as a matter of fact we have concluded all arrangement with
an offshore security company to move this money as a
consignment through diplomatic means to their offshore
affiliated office where you will be required to put claim
to the consignment as the bonafide beneficiary of the
consignment . you should know that this business is safety
and 100 % risk - free as it does not involve drug money or
terrorist fund .
if you are interested to carry out this transaction with
me , 20 % will be for you for your assistance , 5 % for general
expenses , and 75 % for us .
you are required to send by e - mail immediately your full
name and address , which i will use to draft an agreement
that will guide and protect both of us in this transaction
also which will be used to effect the change of ownership
of the consignment to your name as the beneficiary of the
consignment .
also send me your telephone and fax numbers for easy
communication
once you notify me your willingness by sending the above
requirement . this transaction will be concluded within 7
( seven ) working days .
i will be waiting for your urgent reply . you can reach me on
my cell telephone no : 234 - 80 - 33055024 or my alternative e -
mail : williamsfalana @ caramail . com
best regards ,
barrister williams falana { san }
bo?te aux lettres - caramail - http : / / www . caramail . com