Subject: 3 cd package : 300 million email addresses + 1 . 5 mil fax numbers $ 99 . 95
new - new - new in the market
just released :
300 million email addresses - - database fully exportable , on 3 cds ! !
300 million email addresses - - database fully exportable , on 3 cds ! ! = only $ 99 . 95
* * contains us & international emails * *
with 1 . 5 million usa business fully exportable fax numbers ,
all two directories above ( 300 million and faxes # ) * * only $ 99 . 95 * *
both email directories are categorized
email address cdrom ( 300 million addresses )
more than 134 categories such as :
usa - - 50 states and area code :
contains e - mail addresses of people living in all 50 states . each state is broken down by area codes .
canada and area code :
contains e - mail addresses of people living in canada . each province is
broken down by area codes
adult :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in adult content
auto :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in automotive content
canada :
contains e - mail addresses of people living in canada . each province is broken
down by area codes .
classifieds :
contains e - mail addresses of people advertising in classifieds and people that
are interested in classifieds
culture :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in antiques , art , entertainment ,
fashion , movies , etc .
dining :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in drinking beer , cooking , dining
out , etc .
gambling :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in gambling
gardening :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in gardening
geographic :
contains e - mail addresses of people residing in different cities and counties ,
broken down by city name
golf :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in golf
health :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in fitness , weight loss , etc .
home business :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in running a home based business ,
or are already operating a home based business
hot list :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in online shopping
international :
contains e - mail addresses of people living in different countries , broken down
by name of the country
internet :
contains e - mail addresses of people who registered a domain name in the past 2 months
investments :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in investing in the market
misc :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in auctions , boating
books :
coupons , credit , fishing , mortgage , politics , real estate , religion , trade
shows , etc .
music :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in music
internet market :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in internet market places
opportunity seekers :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in different opportunities
opt - in :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in opt - in
outdoors :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in outdoor activity
pet lovers :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in pets
psychic :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in psychics
publishing :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in publishing
recreation :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in different recreational
activities .
sci - fi :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in sci - fi
show business :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in show business
sports :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in sports
health :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in health
web design :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in web designs
travel :
contains e - mail addresses of people interested in traveling
super list :
contains e - mail addresses of people who have bought more than $ 2 , 000 . 00 over the
internet in the last 4 months
the tropics :
contains e - mail addresses of people who live in the antigua , bahamas , barbados ,
bermuda , british virgin islands , caribbean islands , cayman islands , grenada ,
guam , jamaica , puerto rico , st . kitts & nevis , st . lucia , trinidad & tobago ,
turks & caicos islands , us virgin islands , etc . broken down by area codes
and many more !
* everything on this disk is in text file format and is fully exportable .
* the cd is as easy to use as browsing your c drive in explorer .
just think of it , over 300 million people will see your advert , if only a fraction of them was to buy your product / services , think of all the money you would be earning .
are the fax numbers fresh ? how many are deliverable ?
the 1 . 5 million fax number list has been verified within the last three months and is very fresh and deliverable .
are the fax numbers sorted by name or business type ?
the 1 . 5 million fax number list is sorted by area code only . it is not sorted by business name , business type .
what file format are the fax numbers in ?
the 1 . 5 million fax number list is in a standard text file format ( . txt ) , and is not separated by commas or quotes . the list is compiled in a one - fax number per line method , suitable for importing into most of the popular fax software programs .
* * the cd is as easy to use as browsing your c drive in explorer . * *
now you can advertise free and get tremendously
more responses than advertising with other forms of media ! ! order now
how this directory was compiled :
* virtually every other email directory on the internet was taken and put through an extensive email verification process thus eliminating all the dead addresses .
* special software spiders through the web searching websites , newsgroups and many other online databases with given keywords like area codes , industries , city names etc . . to find millions of fresh new addresses every week .
turn your computer into a money machine !
most estimate well over 400 million people will have e - mail accounts in the next 2 years ! e - mail turns your computer into a money machine by giving you , immediate access to all of them . don ' t you think some of the more than 300 million people with e - mail addresses would be interested in your products or services ?
much faster : with e - mail you get responses back in 1 to 4 days instead of waiting weeks or months ! you can begin filling orders the same day you send e - mail
advertising worth millions : it costs millions of dollars to mail .
do not reply to this e - mail address . to order , read below :
order by credit card ( visa , mastercard or american express ) simply complete the order form below and fax it back
to 1 - ( 240 ) 371 - 0672
make sure that we have your e - mail address so that we can send you a reciept for your transaction .
credit card orders fax this order form back
to 1 - ( 240 ) 371 - 0672
order form ( please print clearly )
name :
company name :
email address :
tel # :
shipping address :
city :
state / province :
zip / postal code :
country :
product order form :
[ ] 300 million email addresses on 3 cds $ 99 . 95
and 1 . million usa business fax numbers
shipping options
[ ] regular mail ( 1 - 2 ) weeks delivery $ 5 . 50
[ ] priority mail ( 2 - 4 ) business days $ 12 . 50
[ ] fedex overnight for us & canada only $ 25 . 50 int ' l orders extra
only for fedex
total amount to be paid : $ usd
for credit card orders , this info must be enclosed :
[ ] visa [ ] mastercard [ ] american express
card # :
expiry date :
name on card :
city :
state / province :
zip / postal code :
country :
last 3 digits on reverse of card next to signature :
( ) - ( ) - ( )
total amount : $ usd
i agree to pay the above total amount according to my card issuer agreement .
authorized signature : x date : 2002
please note that ft international will appear on your statement .
credit card orders fax this order form back
to 1 - ( 240 ) 371 - 0672
mail orders send this order form back together with a money order payable to ( f . t international ) . for the balance to :
mailing address :
future tech international
import export company
1300 don mills road suite 211
don mills ontario , canada
m 3 b 2 w 6
please do not send postal money orders
for any questions please feel free to call us at 1 ( 416 ) 410 - 9364
to be removed from our database please send a fax to 1 - 970 - 289 - 6524