Subject: never pay ebay listing fees again !
hi ,
i ' m a college dropout . i work about two hours a day .
i ' m ambitious , but extremely lazy , and i make over
$ 250 , 000 a year . are you curious yet ?
in a minute i ' m going to tell you my secret ,
it ' s the dirty little secret of the internet . . .
you ' ve probably heard stories about people making
whopping huge money online , but you thought they
were the big corporate execs , famous programmers , or
boy - geniuses .
well , grasshopper , think again . . .
it ' s people like you and me that are making the real
money . yep , people like you and me !
ever since the " dot com bubble " burst in 1999 , small - time
entrepreneurs are getting richer while the fortune 500
companies look for bankruptcy lawyers .
today small business owners and ordinary folks
like you and me can use the web to achieve complete
financial freedom with no investment and very little
work . how ? by learning the most profitable marketing
technique ever created - it ' s called bulk email .
if you ' ve ever recieved an email advertisement , then
you know what bulk email is . i bet you can ' t click on
delete fast enough for most of those ads , right ?
you might not want their product , but remember that
thousands of other folks probably do . bulk email is a
percentage game - every bulker who contacts you
makes a six figure income on the internet . i
guarantee it . now let ' s go back to math 101 and
review some numbers . . .
if you sell on ebay , you pay anywhere from a few
dollars to over a hundred dollars just to post one
auction . how many people see your ad ? maybe a
couple thousand or even ten or twenty thousand
over a period of days . using bulk email , you can
send your ad to more than a million people a day
at virtually no cost . whether your send 100 , 000
emails or 100 million emails , the price is the same .
zero !
stop paying those outrageous auction listing fees when
hardly anyone sees your ad !
imagine that you have a decent product with a
profit margin of $ 20 . 00 on each sale . if you send
an email ad to 500 , 000 people , and only one person
in a thousand actually places an order , then you just
generated 500 orders and made $ 10 , 000 in a few hours
of work .
it ' s that simple . . .
all you have to do is convince one person out of a
thousand to buy your stuff and you ' re filthy rich .
the best thing is that anyone can do it . doesn ' t
matter if you ' re a nineteen - year - old college student
using a dorm - room computer or a fifty - year - old
executive working from an office building in new
york city . anyone , and i repeat anyone , can start
bulk emailing with virtually no startup costs . all
it takes is a few days of study , plenty of ambition ,
and some basic familiarity with the internet .
i quit college when i was 19 to capitalize on the
" dot com " mania , and i ' ve never looked back . i
started with no money , no product to sell , and only
the most rudimentary computer skills . i saw an
opportunity and i seized it . a few years later ,
i bought my own home - with cash .
you don ' t need any money . you don ' t need a product .
you don ' t need to be a computer nerd and no experience
whatsoever is required .
if you saw an employment ad in the newspaper like that
you ' d jump right on it . it would be a dream come true .
so what are you waiting for ? !
i ' m going to ask you four simple questions . if you answer
yes to all of them , then i can almost promise that you
will make at least $ 100 , 000 using bulk email this year .
here goes . . .
do you have basic experience with the web ?
do you have a computer and an internet connection ?
do you have a few hours each day of free time ?
do you want to earn some extra money with an eye towards
complete financial freedom ?
if you answer yes to these questions , you could be
making $ 5 , 000 - $ 20 , 000 per week working from your
home . kiss your day job goodbye - this sure beats
the 9 - 5 daily grind !
all you need is ambition and commitment . this
is no " get rich quick scheme " . you have to work
to make big bucks , but anyone - and i mean anyone - can do
it .
you ' re probably wondering if it ' s hard to get started .
don ' t worry , it ' s not ! i will show you step - by - step
how to start your first email campaign and how to
build a booming online business . you ' ll be generating
orders - and making money - in less than seven days .
okay , so what if you don ' t have anything to sell ?
no problem ! ! i ' ll show you where to find hot
products that sell like craaaaaazy ! most people delay
starting an internet business because they have
nothing to sell , but i ' m removing that hurdle right now .
after reading the bulkbook , you can build your complete
product line in less than two hours ! there is no excuse
not to get started ! i will get you up - and - running within
seven days . in fact . . .
i personally guarantee that you will start your own
bulk email campaign less than a week after reading
the bulkbook ! i ' ll give you a toll - free phone number
to reach me 24 hours a day , seven days a week ;
where else will you find that level of service ? !
i will also include a step - by - step guide to starting
your very first email campaign called " seven days to
bulk email success " . this seperate guide contains a daily
routine for you to follow with specific , exact
instructions on how to get started . on day one , for
example , i teach you where to find a product to sell .
the next day you learn how to build a fresh mailing
list . on the seventh day , you just click send ! your
very first campaign is ready to go .
as a special bonus , you ' ll recieve a free copy
of our stealth mass mailer , a very powerful bulk
email program which retails for $ 49 . 99 ! i ' ll even
include 7 million email addresses absolutely free
if you order now !
stop wasting your money on auction listing fees ,
classifieds , and banner ads - they don ' t work , and
never will ! if you are serious about making money
on the internet , bulk email is your only option .
what are you waiting for ? few of us are willing
to share this knowledge , but i promise to teach
you everything i know about bulk emailing in this
extraordinary bulk emailer ' s handbook . . . the bulkbook !
once again , here ' s the deal . you give me $ 29 . 99 .
i give you all the tools you need to become a
successful , high profit bulk emailer . including :
* * the bulkbook
teaches you step - by - step how to become a high profit
bulk emailer . secret techniques and tips never
before revealed .
* * seven days to bulk email success
provides detailed day - by - day instruction to start sending
your first email campaign in seven days .
* * 600 email subjects that pull like crazy
* * email list manager
manage your email lists quickly and easily . very
user - friendly , yet powerful , software .
* * stealth mass mailer
software can send up to 50 , 000 emails an hour automatically .
just load them in there and click send !
* * address rover 98 and macrobot search engine robot
extracts email addresses from databases and search engines
at speeds of over 200 , 000 per hour .
* * worldcast email verifier
used to verify your email addresses that you extract to
make sure they ' re valid .
* * ebook publisher
easily publish your own e - books and reports for resale using ,
you guessed it , bulk email !
* * seven million email addresses
this huge list will get you started bulking right away .
i harvested these addresses myself , the list is filled
with impulse buyers ready to respond to your ads !
if you added up all of the full version bulk email software
included with the bulkbook package , it would total over
$ 499 . i am giving you the whole bundle for only $ 29 . 99 .
that means there is no other out - of - pocket startup expense
for you . nothing else to buy , no reason to waste money on
software that doesn ' t work . with this one package , you get
everything you need to start bulk emailing right away .
are you willing to invest $ 29 . 99 for the opportunity
to make a six figure income on the internet with no
startup cash and very little effort ?
remember , you will recieve a toll - free phone number
for 24 hour expert advice and consultation from me
personally .
to order the bulkbook right now for only $ 29 . 99 with
a visa or mastercard , please click on the link below .
this will take you to our secure server for order
processing :
note : the bulkbook will be delivered electronically
within 24 hours . it is not available in printed form .
our company is strictly opposed to unsolicited email .
to be removed from this opt - in list , please send a
request to " bulkexpert @ yahoo . com "
