Subject: anticaipting to hearing from you soon .
from : kone bakar
tel : ( + 225 ) 0771 1719 .
abidjan , ivory coast
west - africa .
dear ,
permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business
relationship with you . i got your name and contact from the internet
in my search for assistance . due to it ' s esteeming nature i must not
hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere business .
i am kone bakar , the only child of late mr & mrs . coulibaly bakar .
my father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant based in abidjan , the
economic capital of ivory coast before he was poisoned to death by
his business associates on one of their outing on on a business
meetings .
when my mother died on the 21 st october 1994 , my
father took me so special because my mother is now dead . before the
death of my father on 29 th june 2000 in a private hospital here in
abidjan . he secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he
has a sum of us $ 16 , 500 , 000 ( sixteen million five hundred
thousand , united states dollars ) left in a suspence account in a
local bank here in abidjan , that he used my name as his only son for
the next of kin in deposit of the fund . he also explained to me that
it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business
associates . that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of
my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment
purpose .
please , i am sincerely asking for your assistance in the following
ways :
1 . to provide a bank account where this money would be transferred to .
2 . to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a boy of 22 years .
3 . to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the
money has been transferred .
moreover sir , i am willing to offer you 15 % of the total sum as
compensation for your effort / input after the successful transfer of
this fund to your nominated account overseas .
furthermore , you should indicate your opinion towards assisting me as
i believe that this transaction would be concluded within seven ( 7 )
days you signify your interest to assist me .
i will appreciate you call me on + 225 0771 1719 before sending me
your reply .
anticaipting to hearing from you soon .
thanks and god bless .
kone bakar
tel : + 225 0771 1719 .
- -
sign - up for your own free personalized e - mail at mail . com
http : / / www . mail . com / ? sr = signup