Subject: [ ilug ] create a paycheck with your computer and enjoy cheap isp & shopping discount .
hi -
( http : / / club . 4 tfox . com )
you get emails every day , offering to show you how to make money .
most of these emails are from people who are not making any money .
and they expect you to listen to them ?
enough .
if you want to make money with your computer , then you should
hook up with a group that is actually doing it . we are making
a large , continuing income every month . what ' s more - we will
show you how to do the same thing .
this business is done completely by internet and email , and you
can even join for free to check it out first . if you can send
an email , you can do this . no special " skills " are required .
how much are we making ? anywhere from $ 2000 to $ 9000 per month .
we are real people , and most of us work at this business part - time .
but keep in mind , we do work at it - i am not going to
insult your intelligence by saying you can sign up , do no work ,
and rake in the cash . that kind of job does not exist . but if
you are willing to put in 10 - 12 hours per week , this might be
just the thing you are looking for .
this is not income that is determined by luck , or work that is
done for you - it is all based on your effort . but , as i said ,
there are no special skills required . and this income is residual -
meaning that it continues each month ( and it tends to increase
each month also ) .
interested ? i invite you to find out more . you can get in as a
free member , at no cost , and no obligation to continue if you
decide it is not for you . we are just looking for people who still
have that " burning desire " to find an opportunity that will reward
them incredibly well , if they work at it .
to grab a free id # and have more information , simply go to the
web address http : / / club . 4 tfox . com and send me an email with following
informtion
" send me a free membership ! "
be sure to include your :
1 . first name
2 . last name
3 . email address ( if different from above )
we will confirm your position and send you a special report
as soon as possible , and also your free member number .
if you are not interested in tring to earn money , : )
you are interested in the huge discount from the 140 online shops ,
very cheap isp package and many many more ,
you can also go to the web address :
http : / / club . 4 tfox . com / # id - greatservice
that ' s all there ' s to it .
we ' ll then send you info , and you can make up your own mind .
looking forward to hearing from you !
sincerely ,
hugh zou
p . s . after having several negative experiences with network
marketing companies i had pretty much given up on them .
this is different - there is value , integrity , and a
real opportunity to have your own home - based business . . .
and finally make real money on the internet .
don ' t pass this up . . you can sign up and test - drive the
program for free . all you need to do is get your free
membership .
unsubscribing : send a blank email to : removemefromlist @ bigfoot . com with
" remove " in the subject line . by submitting a request for a free
dhs club membership , i agree to accept email from the dhs club for
both their consumer and business opportunities .
3619 ezfto - 011 vptm 2924 l 20
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie