Subject: get a free bottle of wine & tasting kit
all of this can be
yours for only
$ 12 . 99 *
2 bottles of premium wine
2 elegant wine glasses
capitano waiter ' s corkscrew
marble bottle stopper
delicious gourmet wine crackers
member discounts on additional wine
selections
our cellar profile newsletter
total retail value of this special offer -
$ 42 . 95
a
special offer for the discriminating
wine drinker .
indulge your love of adventure . discovery . and fine wine from the comfort of your home with our convenient program . receive two expertly selected premium wines for
the price of one - only $ 12 . 99 * - 50 % off the regular price - delivered to your door with our wine starter kit as a free gift . starter kit includes , 2 elegant wine glasses , a capitano waiter ' s corkscrew , gourmet wine crackers and more !
you ' ll have your choice of two reds , two whites or one of each . one month you may have the pleasure of experiencing a wonderfully full - bodied cabernet sauvignon from california and a delicious chardonnay from australia . another month , you may get an exquisite chianti from italy and a fabulous sauvignon blanc from france . you ' ll savor a broad range of some of the world ' s most fascinating wine - right in your own home .
your satisfaction is 100 % guaranteed . if you are not completely satisfied with the classic selections program , you can cancel at any time .
there is no minimum to buy and no obligation for further purchases or deliveries .
so , uncork your own wine adventure and explore the world ' s finest vineyards with classic selections !
you are receiving this mailing because you are a
member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com
to unsubscribe
click here
or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must
also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about
the products / services should be directed to
the company in the ad .
% em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %
