Subject: * * * * american millionaire reveals his secret source of wealth on the internet ! ! !
hello ! :
" dmm " : discount mortgage millionaire
program :
a special invitation to wealth ! ! !
help us contact home owners in your city and pocket
" $ 1000 " / deal , easy cash ! ! !
to :
this e - mail is addressed to all people who have tried different internet
programs and failed , who are tired of working hard , but getting nowhere ,
who are unemployed , and all those who have jobs but need extra income ,
and all those who are sick and tired of being sick and tired .
how it works :
we buy real estate notes and trust deeds . we also represent investors
who invest in them .
when you apply , you can help us contact home owners in your city and
on the internet .
all you do is call or e - mail them or send a simple but powerful letter and form to them to complete and return back to us .
if they have real estate notes or trust deeds , we ' ll either buy them or refer
them to our associates .
if the deal goes through , we pay you 10 % of whatever net amount we made .
for example , if we made $ 10 , 000 , you ' ll get 10 % = $ 1000 .
therefore if we do 10 deals in a month , you will take in an
easy 10 x $ 1000 = $ 10 , 000 ! ! !
rake in big cash without any hard work , or large investment or special training !
we ' ll give you all the resources needed to make the contacts , including
the sales letter , the e - mail letter , the forms , and the phone script !
the real estate market
one of the primary human needs is security . shelter . home . house .
wherever you go , there are homes , houses and buildings !
therefore real estate market is huge ! more than $ 500 billion
in usa alone ! ! !
that is why opportunities to create vast wealth is always available ! ! !
you may have heard that more than 56 % of millionaires in usa
( and probably in other countries also ) created their wealth through
real estate investments !
well , that is half the truth !
you must know millionaires " jealously guarded
real estate secrets , before you may succeed " ! ! !
the way to create vast wealth in real estate is not by buying real
estate and holding it until it appreciates in value , then you sell it .
that is the hard way . you ' ll be bogged down by cash flow crunch
and all the hassles with tenants and maintenance .
that is what the majority of real estate investors do .
it is not fun , and it can frustrate and wear you thin !
discover the " millionaires ' secret " of
creating vast wealth through
real estate investments …
the smart , fast , easy and highly profitable way to make
millions in real estate is to buy and sell discounted
mortgages , real estate notes and trust deeds
from homeowners !
that is why we need you ! by joining us , you ' ll help us
contact homeowners in your city , and we and our associates will invest
in them , and do all the work , while you get paid about 10 % of the deal ( or
$ 1000 / deal ) , without doing any hard work or large investment !
how to apply :
this package : " discount mortgage millionaire "
( dmm ) program is almost " free " ! ! !
however , we must ask you to donate a token fee of $ 10 . ( this is voluntary )
this is our way to discourage those who are not serious . our time is worth a lot of money .
we only want to hear from those who are serious !
if you ' re interested , please follow the simple steps below to apply .
help us make contacts , and we ' ll spend our money to do the deal , and also
compensate you handsomely ( 10 % of whatever amount we make ) . it is a
win - win relationship !
application steps :
( 1 ) write your name , address , e - mail address , phone and fax
( if any ) on a piece of paper .
then write the words :
" $ 10 donation " for dmm program .
( 2 ) enclose $ 10 usa dollars in cash or money order ( usa only )
and send it by priority mail to the name and address below :
( customers from outside usa , please buy and send
usa dollars cash only )
mr . benney , ceo
( dmm package )
328 flatbush ave . ,
suite 221
brooklyn , ny 11238
usa
* * * * * * *
phone : ( 718 ) 595 0529
( please mention " dmm program , code b " )
( 3 ) after sending the " donation " , send an e - mail and notify
us that you have sent it .
include your full name , and phone .
and put these words in the subject space :
" donation sent for dmm program , code b "
please send the e - mail notice to :
polsew 246 @ btamail . net . cn
( 4 ) what you shall receive :
( a ) you ' ll receive the " discount mortgage millionaire "
dmm package , which gives you all the details on how this
cash program works , including all the resources you need
to make contacts for us .
when you order " dmm ebook " , you will have two choices :
( a ) you can use our real estate millionaire cash secret
( dmm ebook ) to find the deals , do them yourself and
keep all the money !
or
( b ) you can apply and become our associate mortgage
agent ( ama ) and participate in our millionaire
" real estate acquisition plan " ( reap ) !
( b ) you ' ll also receive free details on how to obtain
another powerful program that we have :
" quick cash secret banking system ,
the royal road to riches " , ( qcsbs - rrr )
you ' ll discover the jealously guarded 2000 yrs old
millionaire cash secret little known to the general public .
all you do is go to the " secret website " on the internet ,
we shall reveal , open a " special bank account " , then
click your mouse and enter a " secret code number " .
then click your mouse again , and you ' ll start making
money ! it takes only minutes to do , and you can
rake in $ 1 , 500 / wk from this ! ! !
100 % legal and valid in all countries of the world .
no hard work or special training or scam or
large investment !
when you order the " dmm package " , you ' ll get all the
details about this " qcsbs - rrr " also , and we ' ll help you learn
and also start using it to create true wealth and success !
qcsbs millionaire cash system is the fastest and greatest way
to make money on earth ! ! !
that is how we obtained the money we want to spend in real
estate investments !
when you get qcsbs , it will also help you to create powerful
cash flow to acquire real estate and other assets fast ! ! !
when we get your " donation " , we shall send you an e - mail
to download this dmm ebook from our storage site on the
internet . so be sure your e - mail address is valid , and you
notify us by e - mail after you send the $ 10 donation .
please allow at least 2 weeks , after you send the donation
so we may receive it . when we receive it , we ' ll send an e - mail
to you to download the " dmm ebook " .
we look forward to working with you , to help you begin to
acquire real estate and cash flow , without any headaches
hassles , or large investments ! ! !
your time to stay at home and make money in real estate deals
has come , so answer this special invitation today ! ! !
thank you !
mwc investments , international ( a div . of mwc )
deadline to apply :
this offer is valid for 1 week only .
please apply within 1 week of getting this e - mail .
if you fail , you may not be accepted !
therefore print this e - mail now !
then read it many times to understand and agree
to our offer and then place an order now !
you may get this e - mail only once .
so , hurry to avoid missing this fabulous
one - in - a - lifetime real estate , easy , fast cash opportunity !
start today ! in less than a year , you may be worth
about $ 1 , 000 , 000 ! ! ! come and join us now ! ! !
unsubscribe info :
this e - mail is not intended for washington state residents , and any
other anti - internet commerce state .
if you ' re from any of these states , please delete this e - mail and don ' t respond .
this offer is void wherever prohibited by law .
your name is not in our database , therefore you may not get another
e - mail from us !
our remove address is :
removeme @ easy . com
