Subject: partnership .
dear sir ,
with due respect and humility i write you this letter which i believe you
would
be of great assistance to my children and i .
i got your contact through my husband commercial address book and believed
that
you must be a trust worthy and reliable person that will not like to
intimidate me
or betray my trust after hearing this news . i am a native of konobo in the
kerema
local district of sierra leone in west africa and the wife of late dr .
mundi a .
kojo who was assassinated by the rebel forced loyal to major john paul
koromah
because he was the director general national gold and diamond mining
corporation
of sierra leone . few days before my husband was assassinated , he
instructed me
and my children ( ibrahim and amina ) to move out of sierra leone immediately ,
before the powerful economic community of west african states ( ecomog )
forces
intervened , which eventually resulted into a brutal civil war . my children
and i
managed to escape to togo through the help of my husband ' s friend . we came
into
togo with some valuables including a cash sum of $ 25 million ( twenty five
million
united states dollars only ) in two trunks boxes which i have deposited
with a
trust company here in togo and special arrangement has been made with the
currier
company who will freight the money to your country .
meanwhile , i want to leave togo entirely with this money for investment in
your
country because of a stable political situation there and mostly for the
future of
my children . i want you to please assist us to claim this fund from the
trust
company in any of their branches in europe , after which the fund will be
deposited
into your account for investment in your country . you should also help us to
source for good investment opportunity so that we can invest wisely in your
country when the fund is finally confirmed in your account .
we have it in mind to reward you handsomely for your assistance as we have
resolved to give you 20 % of the total sum for your help . but due to how i
am being
monitored by the sierra leonean government secret agents , i will advice
you to
have the
deal concluded with my son ( ibrahim kojo ) . please contact my son on this
email :
ibrahimkojo @ caramail . com , immediately you receive this letter to enable us
proceed in earnest towards retrieving the consignments and transferring
same into
your account .
your private fax and phone is needed in this transaction for private
discussions .
note : there is no risk involved in this business .
remain blessed ,
mrs . anne kojo