Subject: sitescooper : scoop websites onto your palmpilot - sitescooper
automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off
extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later
reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve
already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and
3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very
easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot ,
it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are
included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat
and linux today . http : / / jmason . org / software / sitescooper /
topsites llc
1300 evans avenue , san francisco , ca 94120 - 7334 usa - phone 415 - 294 - 5300
could you please be so kind as to click on the renew button to renew your
listing in the topsites - us
directory listing by thursday , december 5 , if you do not mind ? you can also renew your listing
on our website by clicking
renew . if you cannot access the internet , let me know and i will renew
your listing for you . your listing only cost us $ 5 ( other currencies ) per month per category .
if you have any questions , please click faqs .
if you cannot find your answer there , please let me know . i will be happy
to help in any way i can .
kind regards ,
paul thomas
to remove your address from our mailing list or to cancel your
listing simply click unsubscribe .
renew your listing
category :
list our site in the following categories : / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / web / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / email
headline :
cost : your
listing costs us $ 5 ( other currencies ) per month per category ( billed annually ) .
refunds : cancel anytime . we will refund the remaining
months .
changes : you can change your headline , description
( up to 40 words ) or url .
category : select the categories you want by clicking
the checkboxes . if you want us to list you in a categories
that is not on the list , go to www . topsitez . us .
click on the category links until you find the one you want .
click on the add my site link . type your listing .
cancel : to cancel your listing click unsubscribe .
to pay by check : we will
email an invoice to you . you can pay with a local check from any country .
to pay by credit card . click the credit card option
and enter your number . we accept visa , mastercard and american
express .
problems ? : try renewing on our website by clicking
description :
sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today .
url :
your
name :
your
email :
pay
by :
check ( invoice me )
credit card
card
number :
expiry
date :
january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
zip / postal
code :
reach a million
here is what you get :
we will continue to list your site in the topsites directory .
we will show your listing more than a million times a year ( guaranteed ) .
let us introduce you ( a million times )
people often ask , how can you guarantee to show my listing a million times ?
what if i am in an unpopular category ? it does not matter ! why ?
autosearch - - our patent pending tool - - continually displays
renewed topsites - us
listings on
our users ’ pcs 24 hours a day , seven days a week . we display topsites - us listings
more than 42 million
times in an hour . that is why we can guarantee to show your listing more than a million
times a year .
save $ 40 , 000 in adverting
it would cost you up to $ 40 , 000 to display your listing a million times
at sites like msn and altavista . googles charges up to $ 200 , 000 depending
on your category . at topsites we charge $ 5 a month !
save $ 100 re - listing fee
please do not let your listing expire . our editors listed you as one
of the top websites in your category without charge . if your listing
expires , however , you may need to pay a $ 100 editorial review fee to
get listed again . it can take a month for our editors to authorize a
listing . and they may not re - list you if there are too many listings
in your category .
only topsites - us
gives you :
massive reach : we display our listings billions of times a year .
we guarantee to show your listing more than a million times a year .
cost - effectiveness : this is the least expensive advertising
you will ever buy . you want to bring lots of potential customers
to your site in a cost - effective way . topsites - us does exactly that !
highly targeted leads : topsites - us reaches customers when they are
searching for what you are selling . that means high sales and low costs . more
visitors become customers !
highest return on investment : independent research confirms
that you get the highest roi from online listings like topsites - us . e - mail ,
banners and other forms of online advertising all have a lower roi . and unlike
direct mail , you pay nothing for mailing lists , printing or postage . no media
buy returns better results than topsites - us .
no - risk : cancel your listing any time for any reason - - no questions
asked !
hassle - free : change your listing anytime or even move it
to a different category - - for free - - and your changes will instantly appear
in the directory
topsites - us is the least expensive way i have found to
bring buyers to my site . i have tried other online advertising companies and
you beat everyone ! - - p . a . , president , go
software ( g - o . us )
topsites - us makes my online marketing easy .
i can change my message 24 hours a day so it is always up - to - date . and
everyone who sees it is a pre - qualified prospect .
- - n . b . , ceo , my news ( my - news . org )
frequently asked questions
can i change my listing ?
you can change your listing now or later . you can rewrite the headline
and description before renewing . you can change the url too — even to
another website .
once we receive payment , we will send you instructions on how to change
your listing whenever you like . ( there ’ s no charge to do this . )
can i change my category ?
can i list my site in additional categories ?
can i list other sites too ?
you can list as many sites in as many categories as you like . each
listing costs only $ 5 per month per category . just go to www . topsitez . us .
click on the category links until you find the one you want ( or search
on your keywords ) . click on the add my site link . then type your listing .
if your old listing was in the wrong category , you can click unsubscribe
to cancel it .
how much does a listing cost ?
can i renew for free ?
it costs $ 5 a month to list your site in topsites . we no longer offer
any free listings . we will bill you $ 60 for 12 months . there are no
additional costs . you can change your listing as often as you like
for free . you can cancel your listing anytime and we will refund your
remaining money .
how do i pay ?
you can pay with a check from any country . ( simply convert the amount
to your local currency . ) or you can pay by visa , mastercard or american
express . simply select the option you prefer on the renewal form .
who listed us ?
when did our listing start ?
we do not know . sorry . we only began to store listing contacts and
dates this year .
how much did we pay to get listed ?
originally you couldn ’ t buy a listing — you had to wait for our editors
to select you as one of the top sites in your category .
do we have a contract with you ?
we don ’ t do contracts for a $ 5 service .
can you call me and tell me more ?
we are happy to answer all your questions by email but we don ’ t
contact our customer by phone at this time . sorry .
can i still renew after your deadline ?
we give our customers a month to renew so don ’ t worry too much
about the deadline .
how do i see my listing ?
i couldn ’ t find it when i searched .
to save you time , i have included your listing at the end of this
email . or you can see it on our website by clicking your
listing . or you can go to www . topsitez . us
and click on the categories until you get to / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet .
you can also see it at www . topsitez . us
by entering two or more keywords from your listing into our search
form . since we have more than three million listings , you probably
won ’ t find your listing by searching on only one word . and you definitely
won ’ t find it if you search on words that are not in your listing .
what keywords display my listing ?
how do i change them ?
every word in your listing is a keyword . anytime someone searches
on two or more words in your listing , we will display it . the only
way to change your keywords is to change the headline or description
of your listing .
how much traffic did you send us last year ?
we don ’ t know . sorry . we are working on adding this feature .
more . . .
your listing
internet : scoop websites onto your palmpilot
sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today .
http : / / jmason . org / software / sitescooper / linux / / what is sirobot ?
irobot is a perl script that downloads web pages recursively . the main advantage over wget is its ability to get them concurrently . sirobot is able to continue aborted downloads , convert absolute links to relative ones , and has a pattern - matching filter to prevent you from downloading the whole internet .
http : / / www . stud . uni - karlsruhe . de / ~ uno 4 / linux / whatissirobot . htmllinux dialin server setup guide
guide to setting up a linux ppp / slip dialin server
http : / / www . swcp . com / ~ jgentry / pers . htmlpretzelgod ' s dpsftp
source for dpsftp : yet another gnome ftp client
http : / / dpsftp . sourceforge . net / ftpq home page
ftpq allows the user to spool ftp uploads whilst offline and transfer these jobs automatically on the next connection to the network .
http : / / www . tranchant . freeserve . co . uk / ftpq . htmlez systems as
ez publish is a content management system for e - commerce , e - publishing and intranets
http : / / developer . ez . nomore . . .
