Subject: [ ilug ] please kindly get back to me
from : mr . desmond stevens
urgent assistance .
you may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally . i am mr . desmond stevens , the first son of dr . dennis stevens , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe . i was furnished with viable information from the world trade centre here in amsterdam , the netherlands and decided to write you .
before the death of my father , he had taken me to amsterdam to deposit the sum of ten million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 10 , 500 , 000 ) in a security company , as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . this money was deposited in a box as gemstones to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and establishment of new farm in swaziland . this land problem came when zimbabwe president mr . robert mugabe , introduced a new land act that wholly affected rich white farmers and some few black farmers . this resulted to the killing and mob action by zimbabwe war veterans and some lunatics in the society . infact , a lot of people were killed because of this land reform act of which my father was one of the victims . it is against this background that my family and i who are currently staying in amsterdam decided to transfer my father ’ s money to
a foreign account . since the law of the netherlands prohibit a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to open any account or to be involved in any financial transaction .
as the eldest son of my father , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in the netherlands for the fear of going through the same experience in future since both countries have similar history . moreover , the netherlands foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment from asylum seekers . as a businessman , whom i have entrusted my future and my family in his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is risk free . if you accept to assist me and my family , all i need you to do for me is to make arrangement and come to amsterdam , the netherlands so that you can open the non - resident account which will aid us in transferring the money into any account you will nominate overseas . this money i intend to use for investment . i have
options to offer you , first you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for the transaction , or you can go into partnership with me for a proper profitable investment of the money in your country . whichever option you choose , feel free to notify me . i have mapped out 5 % of this money for all expenses incurred in processing this transaction . if you do not prefer a partnership , i am willing to give you 25 % of the money while the remaining 70 % that is meant for me , will be for the investment in your country .
please , contact me with the above telephone and e - mail address , while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in the transaction .
yours faithfully ,
desmond stevens .
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie