Subject: investment opportunity .
dear friend ,
you will be surprise to see this message but i got your information
through spartanburg , area chamber of commerce usa .
my name is howard jones , a chief auditor , during my last auditing in
the
in london , uk we realized the sum $ 35 . 5 million owned by one patric zuma
from egypt who died
in a fatal motor accident in nov . 15 , 2004 while he was away on vacation
in egypt .
all efforts , made to reach the relatives of mr . patric zuma for the past
two years , have not yielded any positive result . it was later gathered
that mr . zuma ? s divorced wife died some two years ago in gaza .
in our last board meeting , the directors jointly decided that mr . zuma ? s
money should be included in the annual profit for the year 2005 . since
i was the one who introduced mr . zuma to the bank , i objected to the
decision and demanded that the fund remains floating in the treasury
for another one year to see if we could actually get the relatives of
mr . zuma to claim the money .
i am seeking your partnership to transfer this funds to your account
for your co - operation and assistance i willcompensate you with 25 %
70 % percent for me and 5 % set aside for any saundry expenses .
with your consent , we will put up a claim on your behalf as next of kin
to mr . zuma , iwill send you all the documents to you . once this is
done ,
the claims & verification dept will have the funds processed and wired to
your account , then we can meet to share the money together .
please i want you to keep this information very confidential as the
exposure of this information might even lead to my life imprisonment or
death . if you are not willing to assist me , then i will beg you to
still keep the informations secret .
let me have your telephone number so that i can reach you if you need
me to call you . i look forward to hearing from you soon . i am presently
in london on special duties .
thank you and regards
howard jones
alternative e - , mail addres : howard _ jones @ katamail . com