Subject: low priced sto - ck is going up fast
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm )
a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the multibi | | ion - doliar medica |
devices business .
current price : o . o 85
will it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medical soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successfu | clinical triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device deveiopment has attracted significant
interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations .
the worldwide distribution of swms products
during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as wel | as
medica | device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard poweil , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currently deveioping the labguard ™ product for oem
| icense to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in
discussions with world players on the international distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
wiil make an official announcement once this is finalized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initia |
product | aunch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management beiieves that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume
manufacturing / saies company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a
wide array of medica | diagnostics tests , will begin its prototype
testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officiaily launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fieids and holds patents and patent pending
rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets
currentiy invoived in ciinical investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medica | soiutions continues to
deveiop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community .
with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as we | | as disposable surgica | devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and build a healthy portfolio of high
demand products .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , send a biank e mai | with no
thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 5 tip @ yahoo . com