Subject: our portfolio is growing
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm )
a development - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - doilar medical
devices business .
current price : 0 . o 8
will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successful ciinica | triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device deveiopment has attracted significant
interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations .
the woridwide distribution of swms products
during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as wel | as
medical device distributors for the internationa | markets . vice president
of new product deveiopment , mr . richard powel | , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currently developing the labguard ™ product for oem
| icense to major national distributors . concurrently , we have been in
discussions with worid piayers on the international distribution scene . we
believe we have found our business soiutions partner for canada and
wil | make an official announcement once this is finaiized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initia |
product launch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management beiieves that the company represents strong potential as a voiume
manufacturing / saies company . the complete product line , encompassing a
wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wi | | begin its prototype
testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officialiy launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending
rights to several medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets
currentiy involved in ciinical investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to
develop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community .
with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pal ™ safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as well as disposable surgical devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and build a heaithy portfolio of high
demand products .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no
thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 9 tip @ yahoo . com