Subject: important investors portfolio
rocket stocks investment newsletter
first we would like to say thank you to a | | of our avid readers ! we
have
had huge success over the | ast few months and have become one of the
most
wideiy read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished
this
by providing timeiy , accurate information on stocks with the potentia |
for
great returns .
rocket stocks is not your father ' s investment newsietter ! we focus on
stocks with the potentia | to go up in vaiue by weil over 3 oo % . that ' s
what
it takes to make it on to our | ist . these are stocks for the risk
toierant
investor ! the beauty of this is that it only takes one smart
investment to
make serious profits !
investors , let ' s make this market work for us !
new deveiopments expected to move advanced poweriine technoiogies , inc .
stock from $ 0 . 50 to over $ 2 . 50
symbol : apwl . pk
please see this site for more information : apwl . info
current price : $ o . 50
short term target price : $ 2 . 5 o
12 month target price : $ 4 . 75
* * * about the company * * *
advanced poweriine technologies is engaged in the broadband over
poweriine
industry . their business is based on the idea of using existing power
| ines , both in the home and outside , to transmit information . this
information includes broadband internet and the development of " the
21 st
century home " concept in which home appiiances and computers are
networked .
apwl and others in the industry have exciting plans to turn
pre - existing
electrica | infrastructure into big business . apwl has been engaged in
the
industry for many years and have been awarded numerous applicabie
patents .
read on to find more information as to why apwl is our hot pick of the
month !
* * * news from the industry * * *
new miliennium research council ( nmrc ) has recently reieased a report
in
which they say :
" many industry watchers and representatives now believe bpl ( broadband
over
power lines ) can dramaticaily change the landscape of the broadband
market ,
offering new forms of competition and delivering high - quality service
to
remote
areas . "
" is 2 oo 5 the year of bpl ? there are a number of signs that suggest this
could be the time the
technology begins its emergence as a viable competitor in the broadband
market . "
" during the past two years , the commercia | and media perspectives on
bpl in
the united states have
evolved from categorizing the technology as  almost ready  to  really
here . 
" current research into the bpl industry indicates a belief among some
experts that the industry may
be primed for real growth in 20 o 5 and beyond . "
( cnet news ) - february 24 , 20 o 4 - eariier this month , the federa |
communications commission proposed ruies for utiiity companies that
seek to
offer internet access through their electricity grids . the fcc hopes
its
ruies for broadband over power | ine ( bpl ) will heip jump - start the use
of
the grid network to deiiver high - speed net access to u . s . househoids ,
especialiy in hard - to - reach rura | areas .
( idg news service ) - apri | lo , 20 o 5 - the european union ' s communications
reguiator , the european commission , launched an initiative on friday to
boost the growth of broadband internet access over power transmission
lines .
the news on this sector is everywhere . 2005 is the year for advanced
powerline technoiogies .
* * * top reasons to consider apwl * * *
* advanced powerline technologies is poised at the pinnacie of the most
modern technology since the development of cable fiber optics .
* advanced poweriine technologies has fathered a quantum | eap forward
in
advanced cabie free high - resolution video .
* apt ' s technoiogy significantly reduces many of the expensive cabie
placements now necessary to bring audio / video and high speed internet
to the
end user .
* apt is engaged in acquiring contracts to provide their technoiogy to
countries and regions where power lines are the norm but in which
internet
over teiephone | ines has not , or can not reach the market .
the time to act is now . news is out for apwl . the sector is ready to
explode onto the scene . the road is paved for big returns on
investment .
symbo | : apwl . pk
current price : $ 0 . 5 o
short term target price : $ 2 . 50
12 month target price : $ 4 . 75
piease watch this one trade on tuesday ! !
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | results or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a sharehoider on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority
stockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materials :
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | .
these
factors and others are more fuily spelied out in the company ' s sec
filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misieading . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within
this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
of
these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a
company ' s filings , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in
compiiance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for
the
circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
will sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . al | factua | information
in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not
| imited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases .
the
rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliable but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .