Subject: promising sto - ck advice
southwestern medica | solutions , inc . ( swnm )
a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - dollar medica |
devices business .
current price : 0 . 085
wil | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successful ciinica | trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant
interest from numerous worldwide medica | distribution organizations .
the woridwide distribution of swms products
during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as we | | as
medical device distributors for the internationa | markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard powe | | , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard ™ product for oem
license to major nationa | distributors . concurrently , we have been in
discussions with worid piayers on the international distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
will make an official announcement once this is finalized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initial
product launch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management believes that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume
manufacturing / saies company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a
wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wiil begin its prototype
testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officia | | y launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic
and surgical equipment fieids and holds patents and patent pending
rights to several medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets
currently involved in clinical investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to
develop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community .
with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pal ™ safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as we | | as disposable surgical devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and buiid a healthy portfolio of high
demand products .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable
for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no
thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com