Subject: is this sto - ck ready to blaze higher ?
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development
& commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and | ittie competition .
symbo | : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 68
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structura | technology
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into
a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 50 o , ooo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
beneficially owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this | etter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profile :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publiciy traded companies .
the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals .
the company has great short term specuiative potential as
wel | as the potential for | ong term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please fo | | ow this one trade tuesday ! !
nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment
advice . although our empioyees may answer your general customer
service questions , they are not | icensed under securities laws to
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice .
we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
any security recommended to our readers . ail of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after
the mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be
made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
to cance | by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to :
no _ morenewslettersl 0 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter a | | rights reserved