Subject: sales and earnings correlate perfectly for market leader
southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm )
a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - doliar medica |
devices business .
current price : o . 085
wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medical soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successfu | clinical trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medical device deveiopment has attracted significant
interest from numerous worldwide medica | distribution organizations .
the woridwide distribution of swms products
during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as we | | as
medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard poweil , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard ™ product for oem
| icense to major national distributors . concurrently , we have been in
discussions with worid players on the international distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
wi | | make an officia | announcement once this is finalized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initial
product launch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management believes that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume
manufacturing / saies company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a
wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wi | | begin its prototype
testing once the initia | labguard ™ product is officialiy | aunched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending
rights to several medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into worldwide heaithcare markets
currentiy invoived in clinica | investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medica | solutions continues to
develop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community .
with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potentia | entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposabie surgical devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and buiid a healthy portfolio of high
demand products .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable
for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 6 tip @ yahoo . com