Subject: power pick on a torrid growth pace
southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm )
a development - stage company targeted at the multibiilion - do | | ar medica |
devices business .
current price : o . o 8
wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successfu | clinical triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medica | device deveiopment has attracted significant
interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations .
the worldwide distribution of swms products
during the past severa | months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as we | | as
medica | device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard powell , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currently deveioping the labguard ™ product for oem
license to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in
discussions with world piayers on the international distribution scene . we
beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
will make an officia | announcement once this is finalized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initial
product launch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management believes that the company represents strong potential as a volume
manufacturing / saies company . the compiete product | ine , encompassing a
wide array of medica | diagnostics tests , wiil begin its prototype
testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officially launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fields and holds patents and patent pending
rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into worldwide healthcare markets
currentiy invoived in clinica | investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medica | soiutions continues to
deveiop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community .
with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pal ™ safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposable surgica | devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and buiid a heaithy portfolio of high
demand products .
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 10 tip @ yahoo . com