Subject: current analysis on hot pick from our watch sheet
southwestern medica | solutions , inc . ( swnm )
a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - dollar medica |
devices business .
current price : o . 085
will it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
high internationa | markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™
southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing
successful ciinica | trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic
systems and ongoing medica | device deveiopment has attracted significant
interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations .
the worldwide distribution of swms products
during the past severa | months , swms has receeived much interest from a
wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as weil as
medica | device distributors for the international markets . vice president
of new product development , mr . richard powe | | , noted , “ as announced
previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard ™ product for oem
| icense to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in
discussions with world players on the international distribution scene . we
believe we have found our business solutions partner for canada and
will make an official announcement once this is finaiized . other major
markets are being pursued . ”
with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initial
product | aunch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms
management beiieves that the company represents strong potentia | as a voiume
manufacturing / sales company . the compiete product line , encompassing a
wide array of medica | diagnostics tests , wil | begin its prototype
testing once the initia | labguard ™ product is officia | | y launched . the
company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic
and surgica | equipment fields and holds patents and patent pending
rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products .
poised for launch into woridwide heaithcare markets
currentiy involved in clinica | investigative studies for its patent
protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medica | soiutions continues to
develop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community .
with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented
protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potentia | entrance into the
hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposabie surgica | devices , swnm is poised
to gain a strong market presence and build a healthy portfoiio of high
demand products .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade friday ! go swnm .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doliars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com