Subject: project
from : the desk of dr . abraham amarachukwu .
alternative email : chukwuka @ web - mail . com . ar .
dear sir ,
transfer of us $ 20 million into a personal / company ? s offshore account .
may i respectfully invite your kind attention to the above subject
matter and to state that based on information gathered from the
relevant federal ministry of trade , commerce and tourism , we , intend
to solicit your assistance in the execution of a business transaction .
it is our sincere conviction that you will handle this transaction
with absolute confidentiality , maturity and utmost sense of purpose .
i wish to further inform you that we have twenty million u . s . dollars
( us $ 20 m ) which accrued overtime from deliberately inflated contract
awarded in my ministry ( federal ministry of petroleum resources ) and
executed by a consortium of multinationals in the oil industry . the
projects executed include the following :
1 . the expansion of pipeline network within nigeria for crude oil and
downstream products distribution and subsequent evacuation .
2 . contract for the turn around maintenance ( tam ) of the three
refineries in the country .
3 . the construction of storage tanks for petroleum products ( depots ) .
consequently , we humbly request your gracious assistance and
permission towards the remittance of the above stated amount into a
personal / company / offshore account nominated by you .
we propose tentatively that you will receive 30 % of the total sum , and
the remaining 70 % is for my colleagues and me .
however , this is negotiable in the event of your willingness to assist .
could you please notify me of your acceptance to carry out this
transaction urgently by email email
addresses : chukwuka @ web - mail . com . ar only , on the receipt of this
message . i shall in turn inform you of the modalities for a formal
application to secure the necessary approvals for the release of this
fund into your account .
this transaction from the day of commencement will not take more than
ten ( 10 ) working days .
thanks for your co - operation .
yours sincerely
dr . abraham amarachukwu