Subject: a heartwarmer : summer gull - ibility
~ welcome to heartwarmers ~
http : / / www . heartwarmers . com
the best thing to happen to mornings since the sun !
your morning thought for the day :
summer afternoon - - summer afternoon . . .
the two most beautiful words in the english language .
- - henry james
do you remember the first day of summer vacation when you were a kid ?
it ' s that time again and the summer is stretching out bigger
than life . these days , kids participate in organized activities .
but in days gone by , there was freedom to explore , and even get lost
- - as long as you could hear the dinner bell !
today , kay shares a story about summer on the maine coast and
how her big brother tried to pull a fast one . you ' ll enjoy it as
much as she did .
what are your summer vacation memories ?
support our sponsors
they keep our service priceless .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
introducing the chandelette . . .
the hottest new look in decorative lighting ! kichler lighting is
introducing a new line of smaller chandeliers called chandelettes ® .
chandelettes feature smaller diameters but look like standard
chandeliers . your lighting options are endless ! perfect for any
room in your home . visit http : / / www . kichler . com / ? source = hw click
the " what ' s new " link to view !
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
get free software for your computer
hundreds of titles to choose from . you only pay postage .
in fact , order 4 disks and get free postage for the 5 th .
http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / d
summer gull - ibility
by kay seefeldt
when island kids are released on the last day of the school , the
euphoria can be felt all the way to the mainland !
summer vacation equals freedom ! a time to be free like the
ever - present , ravenous gulls on outstretched wings keeping a watchful
eye out for unguarded tidbits .
as a kid , the lazy , hazy days of summer seemed to stretch into
infinity . a gift of seventy - five precious days to do as i pleased .
my first mission was to head to the general store , a stone ' s
throw from our house .
with one thin dime the fisherman or fisher - girl got a real
bargain - - a length of green twine on a spool and two shiny black
hooks ( that wouldn ' t be shiny for long ) , one lead sinker , and a
summer of shear pleasure .
between tides , i ' d fit in baseball , tarzan swings , frog hunting ,
marbles , and playing school . high tides found me a few yards from
our house on the end of my deceased grandfather ' s wharf . i ' d be on
the dry end of a fishing line , with a baited hook dangling in the
cold atlantic waters , awaiting the tug of a harbor pollack .
to me , the wharf - - at that time run by my uncle and dad - - was
the most exciting place on our small island community . fishermen
selling their lobster catch , wharf hands scrambling up or down the
ladders , boat engines roaring , gulls squawking overhead , and free
bait for them and me .
on rainy days , men would gather in the small shop . the wood
stove kept every body toasty warm while they told their fish stories .
best of all , a glass case full candy bars offered its sweet contents
in exchange for a nickel .
daddy showed me how to clean the fish and pickle them overnight
in salt brine . by deft use of a blade , i could cut the head off and
gut the fish in one precise movement . the next morning , i ' d match
the fish up by size and tie two together by their tails , or three if
i had an " odd fish out " to hang over the clothesline behind our
house . my fish were organized on the clothesline , smallest to
largest .
then i ' d be ready to catch another batch .
my hands perpetually smelled of fish perfume , enough to make any
tomboy proud .
like a miser , i ' d count my horde every day . if flies were
trying to " blow my fish " , i ' d pepper the gullet openings hoping to
keep them from using my fish as an incubator . these dried fish would
taste mighty good in the cold of winter with mashed potatoes and
cream style corn . some would be summer treats .
occasionally , i ' d discover i had several fish less than the day
before . some of the smallest would be missing . when i mentioned my
loss of fish , my brother said , " probably some hungry gull after a
free meal . "
determined to keep the gulls at bay , i tied several brown paper
bags to the clothes line in strategic locations . but still the
smallest , driest fish continued to disappear .
one afternoon , my tomboy intuition told me to check on my fish
for thieving gulls . there stood the " gull " - - jackknife in hand ,
peeling the skin off the driest of the fish .
" i ' m inspecting these to see if you salted them correctly , " he
informed me as if he were an fda agent .
in my eyes , no matter what my brother did was fine by me . no
matter what he told me , i swallowed his every word - - hook , line and
sinker .
you could say i was the gull - ible one .
and i still am , where my brother is concerned . he is loved as
much today as he was in years gone by , maybe even more , for adding
such colorful memories to my life .
- - kay seefeldt
kay lives in maine and enjoys writing stories about her family , many
of which have been published on several on - line ezines . she hopes to
compile these stories into a book for her children and grandchildren .
this story was a gift of words to her brother who celebrated his
birthday on june 7 . by the way , " blowing the fish " means the flies
were laying eggs in them .
do you enjoy heartwarmers ? maybe your friends would too . they can
join for free by sending an email to : join @ heartwarmers . com
from our mailbag
( in response to our last story , 10 , 000 years . . . )
dear heartwarmers :
thank you , diane for sharing your lovely story with us . what a
privilege to know and to be related to such a wonderful man !
- - jackie
dear heartwarmers :
i was really blessed with that story . diane ' s grandfather had a
beautiful heart for the lord . most of all she is appreciative of his
gifts to her and her family . it takes a heart to show appreciation
towards the good things one has planted in one ' s heart . diane ,
thanks for being appreciative of grandpa ' s doings in your life . wish
i had such grandpa .
- - george , lagos , nigeria
dear heartwarmers :
wow ! diane ' s story about her grandfather - in - law filled my eyes
with tears and my heart with amazing grace . who can resist that
simple song that is loved and sung by people of all faiths . it was
the comfort after september 11 th , and it is the world ' s most
treasured hymn . it has given me hope when i felt hopeless , and it
always reminds me that this life is but for a moment - - that the only
thing we will ever take with us when we leave this planet , is what
we ' ve given away . in 10 , 000 years the things we count as riches
today will have given way to what we have done for others . well
said , diane , and a fitting tribute for a true man of god .
- - jaye lewis
thank you , heartwarmer angels !
a big heartfelt thank you to our heartwarmer angels .
jerry plantz , lees summit , missouri
ila george , schertz , texas
ronald & shirley tansill , atlanta , georgia
don goldschen , springfield , virginia
chip robinson , cambridge , massachusetts
kathleen altemus , avonmore , pennsylvania
keith & kay hill , camarillo , california
phyllis reasoner , adrian , michigan
bernadine brooks , winters , california
david moneyhon , spring , texas
albert blight , windsor , ontario
linda king , portland , oregon
judy hord , phoenix , arizona
sally bible , lake oswego , oregon
pam peyron , vale , oregon
rayna peyron , la grande , oregon
judith hurley , vail , arizona
catherine waygood , east hampton , new york
ethel halpin , ridge new york
lizbeth crews , mcallen , texas
julie casos , west jordan , utah
shirley johnson , ft . oglethorpe , georgia
joan kiefner , el dorado hills , california
david johnson , caseyville , illinois
elaine olson , santa fe , new mexico
sue mullennix , ft . wayne , indiana
deborah shearer , dundalk , maryland
twila escalante , grand cayman
lois scott , sandpoint , idaho
nancy wolf , bay shore , new york
frances arellano , roland , iowa
arlene millman , huntington , new york
nancy eckerson , akron , new york
david price , tempe , arizona
marilyn myers , anderson , indiana
linda barfield , mccoll , south carolina
vickie kellogg , durham , north carolina
vicki arcado , sandy , utah
charles & victoria trenkle , palm desert , ca
cheri nicodemus , baltimore , maryland
debra cole , balko , oklahoma
karl schmidt , pitt meadows , british columbia
lisa marie coffey , oak park , california
jean carlson , jamestown , north dakota
nannette gaylord , new bern , north carolina
jeanne escher - pickel , irving , texas
lorena copeland , greensboro , north carolina
leta sousa , montgomery , alabama
al batt , hartland , minnesota
beverly salemme , randolph , massachusetts
barbara wolf , greeley , colorado
joyce courson , perryton , texas
david johnson , caseybille , illinois
donna diciaccio , lynn , massachusetts
nancee donovan , concord , new hampshire
marilyn myers , anderson , indiana
ann berger , colville , washington
kathleen doldan , grand island , new york
daria takach , garfield , new jersey
terri goggin , havertown , pennsylvania
suzanne shuster , south riding , virginia
dick & doris miller , central point , oregon
david johnson , caseyville , illinois
rosemary blackman , tulare , california
mary munarin , scottsdale , arizona
tabitha jones , middlesboro , kentucky
barbara lincks , gardena , california
mary horbal , shelton , connecticut
leo perry , st . paul , minnesota
you can become an " angel " member with your contribution of $ 25
or more . your name will be proudly listed when you join . help our
efforts to spread positive and uplifting messages around the planet .
send to : heartwarmers , po box 527 , lewiston , ny 14092 . be sure to
include your name and town .
get free long distance minutes
* no monthly fees * no contracts * no switching services
* use from any phone , including cell * lowest int ' l rates
get started now by calling : 800 - 330 - 6897 . when asked for your
" activation code " say : 311 - 673 . or you can click here to get
complete details and sign up online : http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / c
if you know someone who is seeking help - - for anything , including
anger , smoking , bad habits , lack of motivation , etc - - let them know
they can begin taking control of their lives today . have them check
this website out : http : / / www . hypnosisdownloads . com / ? 739
we put spaces before and after the @ sign in the email addresses to
prevent worms , viruses , and robots from harvesting them . if you
would like to correspond , just remove the spaces .
changing your email address soon ? if you are going to change your
email address and want to continue receiving your heartwarmers , be
sure to let us know . it ' s easy to change . send a blank email from
your old email address to : remove @ heartwarmers . com then , send an
email from your new email address to : join @ heartwarmers . com
grace says : mallory , 3 , and grandma were playing when mallory wanted
to listen to some music . she noticed some old 33 - 1 / 3 rpm records
that had disney characters on the cover . she was curious and had to
open one . upon pulling the record out of the sleeve , she said , " boy ,
grandma , this is a really big cd ! "
you can get kidwarmers for free by sending an email to : join @ kidwarmers . com
to join ( it ' s free ! ) , send an email to :
join @ heartwarmers . com
to discontinue , send an email to :
remove @ heartwarmers . com
homepage , ad info and archives :
http : / / www . heartwarmers . com
your own free heartwarmers webpage :
http : / / www . heartwarmers . com / freepage /
directory of members ' webpages :
http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / members /
70 percent off new inkjet cartridges
http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / b
note : nothing here may be reproduced or published in
any way without the express permission of the
individual authors and / or copyright owners .
to unsubscribe , click on the following web page .
your membership is listed as : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org