Subject: please read : newsletter regarding pennystock
small - cap stock finder
new deveiopments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock
from $ 0 . 7 o to over $ 4 . 0 o
westernsierramining . com
western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out !
big business is afoot for wsrm !
read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week .
* western sierra mining has a very profitable business mode | in which
they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : expioration .
essentia | | y , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previousiy
explored and found to be " too small " for the | argest mining companies ,
yet sti | | produce handsome profits .
* the giobal mining industry boom wil | continue for the foreseeabie
future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and
long suppiy - response lead times .
* news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off
this week !
here is recent news on the company :
phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp .
( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors
has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward split of its issued and
outstanding common s - tock to a | | sharehoiders of record as of june 26 ,
2 oo 5 .
the company stated that the reason for the spiit was to aliow
additiona | investors to participate in the | ong - term goals and objectives of
western .
phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june lo , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink
sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news )
announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter
into an agreement to develop the silver piume and pittsburg mines
located in coiorado .
commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra
mining , michae | chaffee , said , " the new alignment with oretech wi | |
a | | ow each of the companies to utiiize their specific expertise to the
maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its
propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining
activities in the u . s . we have started our due diligence on the property
and | ook forward to taking a proposa | back to oretech by the end of the
month .
phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink
sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent
with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to deveiop the asdi property
located in crescent vailey at battle mountain , nev .
we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock spiit
can only mean one thing ; good business ! with the spiit date set at june
26 , now is obviousiy the time to get in . with repsect to the other
news , that a smail company such as this wouid have the rights to these
rich properties speaks voiumes for their management and near - future
earnings . that they would be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry
pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary .
these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our strong buy recommendation
symbol : wsrm . pk
current price : $ o . 65
short term target price : $ 4 . 60
12 month target price : $ 8 . 9 o
* * * news from the industry * * *
* mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 50 o and the dow jones
industrial average over the last three years .
* profits by mining companies have doubied for the second year in a
row . return on equity has increased neariy three - fold over the past two
years
* price waterhouse coopers cails for " . . . another bumper year for the
giobal mining industry in 2 oo 5 . " they go on to say , " the sustained
upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash
for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows
and we have a very buoyant industry . "
for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse
coopers , | ocated at pwcglobal . com
please watch this one trade tuesday !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actual resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
s - tockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materiais :
reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital .
these
factors and others are more fuliy spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec
filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misieading . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
of
these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future
resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a
company ' s filings , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discloses the receipt of tweive thousand do | | ars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for
the
circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
wiil sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . al | factual information
in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not
limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases .
the
rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliable but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material
within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , piease mail to
newsoff 7 @ yahoo . com