Subject: urgent
mr . johnson obipacific bank plc , 9 th floor , ikoyi estatevictoria island , lagos .
i am mr . johnson obi , provincial director pacificbank of nigeria , victoria island branch . i haveurgent and very confidential business proposition foryou . on june 6 , 2002 , an american oil consultant / contractorwith the nigeria mining corporation , mr . michaelcreek made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit fortwelve calendar months , valued at us $ 20 , 200 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million two hundred thousand dollars ) in mybranch . uponmaturity , i sent a routine notification to hisforwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from hiscontract employers , the nigeria miningcorporation that mr . michael creek died from anautomobile accident . on further investigation , i foundout that he died without making a will , and allattempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discoveredthat mr . michael creek did not declare any kin orrelations in all his official documents , including hisbank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum ofus $ 20 , 200 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and theinterest is being rolled over with the principal sumat the end of each year . no one will ever comeforward to claim it . according to nigeria law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money willrevert to the ownership of the nigeria governmentif nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you tostand in as the next of kin to mr . michael creek sothat the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not getinto the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediatelyyour full names and address so that the attorney willprepare the necessary documents and affidavits whichwill put you in place as the next of kin . we shallemploy the service of two attorneys for drafting andnotarization of the will and to obtain the necessarydocuments and letter of probate / administration in yourfavor for the transfer . a bank account in any part ofthe world which you will provide will then facilitatethe transfer of this money to you as thebeneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid intoyour account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % forme and 40 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for thistransaction will be done by the attorney and myposition as the branch manager guarantees thesuccessful execution of this transaction . if you areinterested , please reply immediately via the privateemail address below . . upon your response , i shall thenprovide you with more details and relevant documentsthat will help you understand the transaction . please observe utmost confidentiality , and restassured that this transaction would be most profitablefor both of us because i shall require your assistanceto invest my share in your country . sincerelyjohnson obi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - encuentra tu casa r?pida y c?modamente . miles de viviendas te est?n esperando en http : / / www . portae . com