Subject: congratulation ! ! ! your e - mail address has won a promotion sponsored by bill gate
microsoft email promotion international
from : international promotion / prize award .
promoting internet usage over the globe
( microsoft encourage globalization )
from : the promotion coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
microsoft b . v . boeing avenue 44 9459 pe schiphol - rijk .
results for category " a " draws
congratulations to you as we bring to your notice ,
the results of the first category draws of microsoft promotion int . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws are being officially announced today 21 st of june 2005 . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program .
your e - mail address , attached to ticket number 50941465206 - 529 , with
serial number 5772 - 54 drew the lucky numbers 3 - 4 - 17 - 28 - 35 - 44 and consequently won in the first category .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of 1 , 000 , 000 ( one million euros ) , which is the winning payout for category a winners . this is from the total prize money from 2 , 000 , 000 shared among the 2 winners in this category congratulations !
your fund is now deposited with the paying bank .
in your best interest to aviod mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account .
this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program .
please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice :
to file for your claim , please contact the fiduciary agent .
mr . sticker van haren ,
address : t . 220 a 2060 ht , amsterdam , the netherlands .
tel . : + 31 - 611 - 447 - 805
email : prudenttrustnl @ pcpostal . com
you are advised to contact the agents by email .
failure to do so may warrant disqualification .
note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers . remember to quote these numbers in your correspondence with your claims agent .
reference number : lsluk / 2031 / 8161 / 04
batch number : 14 / 011 / ipd
congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program .
sincerely yours ,
mrs . elizabeth mous .
the promotion coordinator ,
microsoft nl .
n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . contact your fiduciary agent immediately .
check - out go . com
go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb !
http : / / mail . go . com