Subject: system maintenance : update your federal credit union
account info
verification
dear fcu holder account , as part of our security measures ,
we regularly screen activity in federal credit unions ( fcu ) network . we recently
noticed the following issue on your account : a recent review
of your account determined that we require some additional
information from you in order to provide you with secure
service . case id number : pp - 065 - 617 - 349 for your protection ,
we have limited access to your account until additional
security measures can be completed . we apologize for any
inconvenience this may cause . please log in to your fcu account to
restore your access as soon as possible .
you must click the link below and fill in the
form on the following page to complete the verification
process .
click
here to update your
accountin
accordance with ncua user agreement , your account access
will remain limited until the issue has been resolved .
unfortunately , if access to your account remains limited for
an extended period of time , it may result in further
limitations or eventual account closure . we encourage you to
log in to your fcu account as soon as possible to help
avoid this . we thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please
understand that this is a security measure intended to help
protect you and your account .
we apologize for any inconvenience .
sincerely , ncua account review department
please do not reply to this e - mail .
mail sent to this address cannot be answered .
about
ncua
the national credit union
administration ( ncua ) is the independent federal
agency that charters and supervises federal credit
unions . ncua , backed of the full faith and credit
of the u . s . government , operates the national
credit union share insurance fund ( ncusif )
insuring the savings of 80 million account holders
in all federal credit unions and many
state - chartered credit unions . during the 1990 s
and into the 21 st century , credit unions have been
healthy and growing . credit union failures remain
low and the share insurance fund maintains a
healthy equity level . the national credit union
administration ( ncua ) is comitted to maintain a
safe environment for over 80 million account
holders in all federal credit unions and many
state - chartered credit unions . protecting the
security of holders account and of the federal
credit unions ( fcu ) network is our primary
concern .
.
