Subject: from : mrs . monica . . .
from : mrs . monica rossman .
tel : 27 - 72 - 3427806 .
attn : president ,
good day ! my name is mrs . monica rossman the wife of mr . frank
rossman of zimbabwe .
i do envisage the surprises this email will bring
especially coming from a complete stranger . this is a
business relationship that will bring good fortunes to you
and me if well executed as your contact address i got it
from the net .
during the current war against the farmers in zimbabwe from
the supports of our president robert mugabe to claim all
the white owned farms in our country , so he ordered all the
white owned farmers to surrender all their farms to his
party members and his followers . and my husband is one of
the best farmers in our country because he did not support
his idea and his supporters invaded my husband farm and
burnt everything in the farm and killed my husband and
confiscated all his investment .
after the death of my husband , i and my children decided to
move out of zimbabwe because our lives is still in danger
with the money my husband kept in his hidden safe in my
house . the amount contained in the safe is
us $ 25 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( twenty - five million united states dollars
only ) and we decided to move with the money through
diplomatic means to the republic of south africa where we
deposited the money through diplomatic means and we were
forced to seek a political asylum as a refugee .
so i decided to contact with the overseas firm whom will
assist us to transfer the money out of south africa . because
we are asylum seeker here in south africa , which deprive us
not to operate an account with any , bank here in south
africa , neither to invest . if you consider this proposal we
have agreed to offer you the total sum of 25 % for helping
us transfer this money to your country and 5 % will be
mapped out for any expenses both of us incurred during the
transaction while 70 % will be for my family to invest in
your country . so you are requested to fly down to south
africa for a crucial meeting , and signing agreement . if there
is time we will also commence in the transaction , which will
take 3 to 4 working days .
all i want you to do is to furnish me with your entire
personal phone and fax numbers for easy communication . you
can contact me through the above address . note that this
transaction is 100 % risk free and absolutely confidential .
thanks and god bless .
best regards ,
mrs . monica rossman .