Subject: capital hill gold - chgi - potential high grade gold deposit
breaking news : denver , june 14 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - capital hill gold , inc , ( chgi ) reports that the company ' s geologists are evaluating a potential high - grade bulk - tonnage gold deposit located in mineral county , nevada , the project is situated in the vicinity of several operating and past - producing gold mines , including the paradise peak , santa fe and rawhide deposits , after review of usgs geochemical survey work of the project and a study of the geology of other gold deposits in the area , geologists believe that the target would be a high - grade bulk - tonnage gold deposit ,
virgin deposits : the privately - held 440 - acre project was originally staked by a major gold mining company in the 1990 s , the property has never been drilled and may prove to be a rich vein as early tests have indicated , follow - up work by the company ' s geologist indicated that a major international gold mining company had staked approximately 200 unpatented lode - mining claims in the area during 2001 and 2002 ,
geologists investigating the property for capital hill observed multiple broad zones of silicification extending for considerable distances , samples were collected from several outcrops on the property , and have been submitted to american assay labs in elko , nevada for assaying , based on positive assay results , target and identification , a major claim - staking program will be launched accordingly , as further credible evidence emerges of a significant gold ore deposit , and the first results coming in are showing promise ,
on june 13 , 2005 the company announced in a press release that capital hill ' s management is pleased and encouraged with the first u 3 o 8 ( uranium oxide ) assay returns as well as the noticeable precious metal results and that initial reconnaissance sampling on the company ' s uranium project has returned assays grading 0 , 061 % u 3 o 8 to 0 , 068 % u 3 o 8 of great interest to the company is the fact that the samples taken also assayed positively for precious metals , with results ranging from 0 , 08 to 0 , 22 oz ag / st and trace amounts of gold , the occurrence of silver in conjunction with the uranium mineralization warrants further investigation .
the recent news of the company possibly sitting on a huge untapped gold deposit has the stock in a strong up trend , rallying from 5 cents to 75 cents during the past three months . as the three - month chart illustrates , trading volume has swelled to 300 , 000 shares per day with money flow indicators showing strong inflows , which is representative of a stock that is under accumulation . the positive tape action clearly shows strong investor sentiment about the company ' s leverage on controlling sizable parcels of gold fields . the potential recoverable gold data has yet to be compiled , but as mentioned above , early tests are very promising , which is why investors are bidding up shares ahead of this data .
capital hill gold ' s strategic objective is to obtain controlling interests in properties with excellent exploration potential to become economically significant to world - class ore deposits . chgi intends to acquire mineral exploration properties primarily through the filing of concessions on its own account and in partnership as well as by optioning exceptional properties at reasonable costs relative to the property ' s potential and the financial capabilities of the company .
in recent weeks , chgi shareholders have been on the receiving end of some very promising developments with the new discoveries for gold ore . in addition , the company is aggressively exploring for commercial grade uranium deposits that will supply newly heightened demand from nuclear utilities . since 2003 uranium prices have doubled . 20 % of the world ' s electricity comes from uranium , and the nuclear power plant count is stable and growing . the united states needs to add about 100 nuclear power plants over the next two decades to meet burgeoning demand for electric power and maintain the current generating mix , nils j . diaz , chairman of the u . s . nuclear regulatory commission told reporters in early may 2005 .
as of may 17 , 2005 the company is pleased to report that the claim staking crew and geologist have arrived on site , and have begun staking claims . the area being staked encompasses a large area of potentially commercial - grade uranium mineralization identified by previous work , including geophysical surveys . reconnaissance sampling of the ground being staked has returned assay results approximately equal to those of in - place resources at one of the past - producing uranium mines in the project area .
a chinese news web site reports that china , the world ' s second - largest energy consumer after the u . s . , will spend 400 billion yuan ( u . s . $ 48 . 33 billion ) on building new nuclear power plants by 2020 . this is a bigger number than we have seen in the past . the energy - hungry country intends to increase the amount of installed nuclear power capacity from the current 16 gigawatts to 40 gigawatts within 15 years . nuclear power generation is expected to triple to reach 60 gigawatts by that time . so the market for uranium is in a new bull market .
conclusion
development efforts for gold and uranium on chgi properties are about to commence following the better - than - expected geophysical testing results . shares of chgi have rallied over 10 - fold in just the past three months in anticipation of what the future holds in the way of extractible gold and uranium . once full mining operations are under way , it is our view , that the shares will rally as the business generates its initial revenue stream .
for additional information , visit
investor relations solutions is a communications arm of ir solutions profiles . investor relations solutions is not licensed by any governmental or regulatory agencies and is not a registered investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such , investor relations solutions is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . investor relations solutions is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . this stock advertisement or e - mail alert contains or incorporates by reference " forward - looking statements , " including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of the featured company . as such , any statements contained herein or incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward - looking statements . without limiting the foregoing , the words " believe ( s ) , " " anticipate ( s ) , " " plan ( s ) , " " expect ( s ) , " " project ( s ) " , forecast ( s ) will , estimate ( s ) , " understand ( s ) " or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward - looking statements . ir solutions profiles has been compensated twenty thousand usd . there are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results of the companies profiled herein to differ materially from these forecasts and projections as indicated by such forward - looking statements . statements that are not strictly historical are forward - looking within the meaning of the safe harbor clause of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . investors are cautioned that such forward - looking statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may cause the company ' s actual results to differ materially from such forward - looking statements . prior to making an investment , investors should consult with their financial advisor and visit edgar at www . sec . gov .
investor relations solutions , llc 1911 glacier park ave . , ste . 480 naperville , il 60540 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
