Subject: megola , inc . otcbb : mgoa announces 500 % increase in revenue .
physical water treatment
microbiological control
air purification
waste water treatment
nasd otcbb symbol : mgoa
corporate update , june 2005
megola , inc .
symbol : otcbb : mgoa
website : www . megola . com
investor relations :
usa : 1 - 877 - 788 - 1940
canada : 1 - 858 - 824 - 1940
the company to watch is :
otcbb ticker : mgoa
current share price : $ 0 . 24
52 wk . low / high : $ 0 . 22 / $ 0 . 85
providing environmental solutions through advanced technology
megola inc . is a publicly traded company operating in the multi - billion dollar water treatment industry , serving a wide variety of residential , commercial , industrial and agricultural clients . the company serves its clients by supplying products and tailor - made solutions to solve physical water treatment , microbiological control , wastewater treatment and air purification problems . megola ' s solutions enable companies to save money and boost productivity . the world is becoming more environmentally conscious . this is yet another trend that could benefit megola ' s business , as megola ' s physical water treatment solutions do not require the use of salt or harmful chemicals .
business model
megola ' s model is based on forming powerful alliances with its clients . instead of merely selling water treatment products , megola wants to position itself as the leading total service provider in its industry . megola teams up with its clients and becomes their business partner by assuming total responsibility for solving their water or air related problems
megola ' s goal is to minimize its clients ' costs and maximize their productivity and profitability . in the past few years , megola has learned a lot about the specific problems various industries are encountering with water and air quality . megola has learned how to solve those problems and by doing so , saved its clients hundreds of thousands of dollars .
market potential
the u . s . corrosion and scale - inhibitors industry , combined with the softener industry , is worth $ 737 million , and estimated to grow to $ 775 million by 2007 . the u . s . water treatment chemical market is projected to grow at an average annual rate of 4 . 1 % , reaching more than $ 2 . 7 billion by 2007 .
hard water is present in approximately 80 % of north american households . due to environmental issues , a growing number of communities in north america are banning the use of traditional salt softeners . this creates a powerful market opportunity for megola and its revolutionary , cost - effective and environmentally - friendly scaleguard system . areas such as southern california and texas , where water quality issues abound , are potential hotspots of market activity for environmental solutions to hard water problems .
megola clients
megola , inc . serves a wide variety of residential , commercial , industrial and agricultural clients . the company serves its clients by supplying products and tailor - made solutions to solve physical water treatment , microbiological control , wastewater treatment and air purification problems . reply to megola @ megola . com and subscribe to new releases and updates .
some of the well - respected companies megola is currently working on projects with , or has provided products and solutions to , include :
megola aggressively growing its base
part of megola ' s success will be to expand its distributors worldwide . the company already has 17 distributors including buymax llc as one of their largest distributors . buymax alone brings over 600 dealers to the network of buying and installing megola products and now megola is introducing their recently acquired ultraviolet ( uv ) water disinfection systems to the buymax network . megola is also testing a surface disinfection system ( sds ) for grocery stores . by using ozonated water to destroy the bacteria that contribute to the decomposition of produce , this disinfection system will increase produce quality and shelf life .
news highlights
may 31 , 2005
megola answers shareholder enquiries regarding scaleguard technology
may 23 , 2005
megola announces new product trials
may 20 , 2005
megola announces higher revenue guidance for next quarter report
may 17 , 2005
megola unveils new portable air treatment products at the north american rink conference expo
mgoa announces over a 500 % increase in quarterly revenue and growing ! ! !
as megola moves forward in structuring their distribution system , manufacturing and alliances , it is having a direct affect on their revenue stream . megola will continue to experience strong growth as its distribution network and product lines expand . with alliances with companies like buymax llc and with new product trials currently under way , megola continues to strive towards its objective of being recognized as a valuable asset in the environmental solution marketplace .
* why consider megola *
water treatment industry is explodiong
wave of buyouts of companies in this industry
patent protected technology
proven concept with multinational clients
dramatically undervalued
hard water and scale formation costs consumers and corporations billions of dollars
megola ' s solves water problems without harming the environment megola is positioning themselves as an acquisition target
banning of salt softners
mgoa acquiring control in german company that owns rights and patents to scaleguard technology
in accordance with megola ' s business plan and under the terms of the agreement , megola inc . will own 70 % of megola gmbh , with the remaining 30 % held by the founders of the german company . megola gmbh will continue to act as the research and development arm of megola inc . , developing new technologies and products for the world market .
megola also rolls out with new product lines and is testing the ` ` ionclear system ' ' , which is an electronic , non - chemical means to disinfect and treat water fouled with contaminants such as bacteria and algae . trials will take place at an oil field in northern china as well as a community swimming pool and an industrial cooling water system in ontario . the ionclear system eliminates the need for conventional biocides and algaecides through the use of copper ionization technology . this technology will eliminate the need for chlorine and other biocides used to treat algae and bacteria .
distributor opportunities
available
call : 1 - 888 - 558 - 6389
call investor relations at : usa ( 877 ) 788 - 1940 or canada ( 858 ) 824 - 1940
email : irinfo @ megola . com
microcap companies 2 watch report is not licensed by any governmental or regulatory agencies and is not a registered investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such , microcap companies 2 watch report . is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . microcap companies 2 watch report . is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . this stock advertisement or e - mail alert contains or incorporates by reference forward - looking statements , including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of the featured company . as such , any statements contained herein or incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward - looking statements . without limiting the foregoing , the words believe ( s ) , anticipate ( s ) , plan ( s ) , expect ( s ) , project ( s ) , forecast ( s ) will , estimate ( s ) , understand ( s ) or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward - looking statements . microcap companies 2 watch report . has not been compensated for the dissemination of this email but does hold shares in mgoa or related companies . there are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results of the companies profiled herein to differ materially from these forecasts and projections as indicated by such forward - looking statements . statements that are not strictly historical are forward - looking within the meaning of the safe harbor clause of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . investors are cautioned that such forward - looking statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may cause the company ' s actual results to differ materially from such forward - looking statements . prior to making an investment , investors should consult with their financial advisor .
microcap companies 2 watch publications , inc . 2175 ortega st . navarre , fl 32556 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
