Subject: assistance
from : ahmed seiko
email : ahmed _ se @ arabtop . net
dubai - uae
dear friend ,
i am ahmed from zaire , presently known as democratic republic of congo . i am
the son of late maramotto sese seiko , the former central bank governor , during
the regime of his immediate senior brother , late president mobutu sese seiko of zaire , republic of congo . i got your contact from chambers of commerce and industry here
in dubai .
as a result of my discrete search for a reliable foreign partner , i am delighted
to confront you based on a profile conviction about your experience in
investment programmed . i now decided to write you as well as to let you know that i need your assistance in helping me to invest my money .
in fact , i left my country with a reasonable amount of money , which belongs to
my late father during the time of war in my country when the present government ,
controlled by president laurent kabila , who sent my uncle away from the
presidential seat , and my father was shot by the rebels , i managed to leave the
country with the sum of ( us . $ 14 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) fourteen million dollars , which is
with me here in dubai , in cash as well . hoping you will respond to my call to assist me in investing this money , because i am totally ignorant of investment and i was in
school when the war broke out in my country .
for your assistance and co - operation , i have decided to bequeath to you , 15 % of
the total sum involved and 5 % mapped out for any miscellaneous expenses that we
may incur during the process of transferring this money to your country .
moreover , it is risk free in the sense that i have taken proper care of all the
formalities regarding to this transaction . i am presently 26 years of age and
should not be expected to withdraw this fund from the security firm where it was
deposited for safekeeping till i am convinced that you can accommodate the
money .
the bottom line is that we need to meet here in dubai to arrange on
the relocation of the funds to your country . items on the things i want are :
1 . helping me to bank the money in a safe account .
2 . help me to get residential papers and giving me directions as to what to
invest on .
please reply me on this email address ( ahmed _ se @ arabtop . net ) as soon as you receive my message to enable me finalize with the security
company , where i deposited it for safekeeping .
best regards ,
ahmed sese seiko