Subject: estate of your late relative
barrister usman bello and associates 114 awolowo way victoria island lagos - nigeria private email : u - bello - committe 2005 @ il 2 . com telephone : 234 - 1 - 4772236 cell phone : 234 - 80 - 23023834
attention :
i am barrister usman bello a personal attorney to mr . engr . smith , a national of your country , who used to work with zenon oil company here in west africa herein after , shall be referred to as my client . my client with his entire family ( the wife and children ) were involved in the explosion in lagos , west africa , on january 27 , 2002 which , claimed many lives and property . unfortunately , my client and the family lost their lives in that disaster that needed not to have happened .
since then i have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to trace his relatives over the internet , to locate any member of his family but of no avail , hence i contacted you . my purpose of contacting you is to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client prior to his death before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged and where the deceased had an account valued at about us $ 14 . 5 million dollars . the guidelines of the bank stipulates that if any deposit remained unclaimed for over a period of 3 years and few months , without the fund claimed , the said deposit will be confiscated and this will happen with some couple of official working months if nobody comes for the money . the company had issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over two years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name / surname so that the proceeds of this account valued at us $ 14 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money . 50 % for me and 45 % to you , while 5 % will be set asside for rembursement of incidental expenses that may incure during the process of the transaction or tax as your government may require , i will secure certificate of deposit and other relevant approvals documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed legitimately to protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me by email to enable us discuss further . please contact me through my alternative private . { mailbox : u - bello - committe 2005 @ il 2 . com } nb : see the 2 website of the bomb explosion below : - http : / / www . disasterrelief . org / disasters / 020130 lagos 3 / index _ txt . html http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / africa / 2718295 . stm
