Subject: continued growth at orbit drop , inc . as acquisitions and changes
take place , positioning obdp for its next level
emerging growth alert
orbit drop ebay drop - off store grand opening in amarillo , texas , and approved to franchise in washington
issue : 1040522
june 2005
orbit drop , inc .
undervalued special situation
symbol :
( otc : pk obdp )
52 week range
. 25 1 . 50
shares float :
25 , 000 , 000
current price :
$ 0 . 90
12 mo . target price
$ 6 . 15
www . orbitdrop . com
breaking news alert !
dallas - - ( business wire ) - - june 21 , 2005 - - orbit drop , inc . ( pink sheets : obdp - news ) announces the grand opening of its first franchise store in amarillo , texas , will be held on thursday , june 23 , 2005 . the orbit drop store will be officially open for business and accepting items on the day of its grand opening .
dallas - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005
orbit drop , inc . appoints alan a . weinstein as new ceo to guide it successfully to the next level
dallas , jun 16 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - orbit drop , inc . ( pink sheets : obdp ) has acquired livevisual . com ( www . livevisual . com ) , a provider of real - time audio and video conferencing solutions . the technology developed by livevisual . com gives users the ability to place a live stream of text , audio and video on any web page that can display macromedia flash files , including ebay listings . orbit drop franchisees will be able to have a webcam in the store and offer buyers online a way to ask questions and see the product they are buying live .
corporate profile :
obdp ( otc : obdp ) has approved area developers in 36 state and 11 countries franchise requests have come from all 50 states as well as several other countries including china , germany , france , india , russia , and many other countries in south america , europe and asia .
obdp is an ebay power platinum seller ! with an impressive 99 % rating . and is well on their way to becoming an ebay titanium power seller which requires an average of $ 150 , 000 gross sales per month for each store .
having a completed ufoc being filed in all 50 states obdp is the first publicly traded company in the ebay drop - off service store sector offering franchises .
the obdp dream team - management team is the top ebay drop off franchise sales team in the world ! ! !
obdp ' s president has an extensive knowledge and experience in online auctions , ebay franchising , marketing and public relations , training as well as customer support and management .
obdp ' s executive vice president is an experienced entrepreneur , investor , and advisor to and management consultant specializing in strategic planning and business plan development .
obdp ' s vice president of franchise operations has worked in the franchise business for years and is currently the top closer in the ebay drop off store sector , has granted more ebay franchises than anyone else , and is responsible for taking the ebay drop off concept global
conclusion :
obdp is an exciting special situation with enormous potential . obdp represents the latest technology in ebay drop - off service stores , and with an undervalued stock price of $ 0 . 90
we feel that our target price of $ 6 . 15 is very attainable and realistic ! within two to three years , obdp could easily be trading in double digits .
obdp forecasts that it will sell out all of its us territories over the next six months . meaning there will be an orbit drop inc . franchise in almost every city across the nation !
obdp has received over 10 , 000 requests for franchises info , and at a minimum of $ 15 , 000 a store , that could be $ 150 million in revenue from franchise fees alone .
in an ongoing effort to keep investors informed , obdp has successfully submitted it ' s 15 c - 211 to nasd .
emerging growth alert is a communications arm of emerging growth profiles . emerging growth alert is not licensed by any governmental or regulatory agencies and is not a registered investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such , emerging growth alert is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . emerging growth alert is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . this stock advertisement or e - mail alert contains or incorporates by reference forward - looking statements , including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of the featured company . as such , any statements contained herein or incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward - looking statements . without limiting the foregoing , the words believe ( s ) , anticipate ( s ) , plan ( s ) , expect ( s ) , project ( s ) , forecast ( s ) will , estimate ( s ) , understand ( s ) or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward - looking statements . emerging growth profiles has been compensated five hundred thousand free trade shares by a third party . there are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results of the companies profiled herein to differ materially from these forecasts and projections as indicated by such forward - looking statements . statements that are not strictly historical are forward - looking within the meaning of the safe harbor clause of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . investors are cautioned that such forward - looking statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may cause the company ' s actual results to differ materially from such forward - looking statements . prior to making an investment , investors should consult with their financial advisor and visit edgar at www . sec . gov .
emerging growth alert p . o . box 26 red bank , nj 07701 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
