Subject: giop ' s : the italian lion that fights alone against babylon music system !
dear music lovers ,
this is a
s . o . s . ! ! ! we need your help
too : help us to spread it if you really love music and take care of it !
by the way we are proud to
introduce you giops ( click
here to visit the official website ) the new music project from italy that is priming many positive controversies and polemics in the italian
and european music scene .
thats
because giops is an independent music
project intended to protect the real passion music made not just as a business !
but
why giops is going to earn so much interest from music communities all over
the world ?
in fact in just some months
after the project coming out , even though the band had no time to organize a
real live
tour yet , it seems that the unusual message that
giop ' s pushes with its music ( reggae ) made a very strong impact on music
consumers all
over the world .
giops analyses very close to the music situation
of last years , ruled ( not always ,
but too often ) just by
economic interests . many times that
involves the artists to act the role of puppets , without the possibility to express themselves
freely ; they are obliged to do it if they want to work and live with the music .
however , this sick mechanism is going to kill all creative
stimulus of the same artists and the
genuine art of music and it can be noticed from the lacking of artistic quality
of the songs produced in these recent years that ,
apart from perfect modern arrangements and a multi - coloured image , they cant give us thesame
emotions of the songs of some years ago .
the reason of all that is
a wrong music system , whose rules
are dictated by the major - labels :
the small
and medium labels are another victim of this phenomenon : its
obvious that to protect their
business they are obliged to follow that philosophy
based on the image and the fashion of the moment proposing already - tested musical
models that
can guarantee to reach the end of the years without been in loss .
however the main victims are the innovative
artists that make music as art . they
see their art not considered as it deserves . that
happens exactly because the labels
are afraid to invest in new ideas that
can be result in a flop just because they dont follow the
fashion of the moment obliging
the artists who want to work with music , to kneel
to this sick philosophy .
the final result is that
they do music without the stimulus
that makes the music such a passional and involving
art reducing all music productions to banality
because all
imitate all .
artists that make music should be free to express their art and should be paid more for their work . . . not be exploited by great
distributors and great producers that oblige
them to make plastic
music ! ! seen ?
in conclusion
all
this is going to rise many discussions and its good that you all can know giops initiative
too because its preposterous to buy a cd and listen to only
one good song while the rest is low - quality
songs made just to fill the album
and sell
it with as lp price .
in your opinion is this mechanism positive and
correct ?
music should be done for passion , not only to enrich the great distributors to the detriment of the consumers
who pay a lot for a low - quality
cd ( because they cost very much and very often are just a cheat ) .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
musically
speaking giops wants to re - create
the true , simple and genuine art of
roots reggae similar
to the original one of 30 years ago
( bob marley ) .
the finest art of
roots rock reggae is integrated
with a clean punky style that
gives to giops music a pinch of more energy in comparison with classic roots reggae bands we have listened to before .
by the
way at this project took part some
of the most important italian
reggae musicians : they collaborated
with some original wailers members too . . . and many people agree that
the lead singer / songwriter giops is the
best italian roots
reggae melody maker :
anyway judge by yourself !
so real passion melodies ,
real instruments and no digital effects : giops wants that the quality
ofhis music depends just on the skill of the band , not on a computer .
the project is focused on the
genuine art of reggae , without trying to follow stupid fashion rules
that can ruin our music .
because we want to create a pure
product that reflects the real
expressive necessities of the band members at
100 % .
music
hits when its sincere , not when its just a bad copy of another
band !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
these are just words we
suggest you to listen to our first
single to realize
our music conception :
-
people
from jamaica ( first single , click on it to download )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
anyway the whole promotional
album called face the music
( ep ) is full downloadable ( in high quality
mp 3 s ) on the official
website with the coverart , for free - www . giops . net
note : the mp 3 files you will find there were professionally encoded with eac + lame software , so if you burn
them on an audio cd you will not loose
the sound fidelity in comparison
with the original audio cd .
in alternative you can find all songs ( 192 kbs mp 3 )
here : http : / / download . com / giops
if you find giops an interesting initiative
and you love its music , please support our sos : we need your help
to strengthen our voice day by day !
so if you are interested in giops initiative
and music let us know : every
kind of collaboration is welcome !
and remember what bob marley said : who makes music thinking
to money , his music will loose its value .
bless respect .
giopsstaff
www . giops . net
p . s . fresh news :
read the very important giops interview by jeniffer zimmerman for
mfa ( music for america )
