Subject: high growth investing for tomorrow
high growth investing
company ceo interviewsemerging technologies new trends to watchindustry statistics
view pdf
are americans and the rest of the world becoming
addicted to online gaming ? analysts predict over
$ 14 billion dollars a year will go to online casinos
gaming stocks may be set to explode !
read the full
10 page report
includes inside :
company profile : gaming transactions inc .
this publicly traded company looks like it has what it takes to become
a big player in the online gambling world . could it be the next payoff
for investors ? . . . more
the online gambling market
given the rate at which this market is expanding across the planet , the
outlook for the online gaming industry looks very positive . do the
numbers add up for investors ? . . . more
how big could it get ?
online gaming has become a seriously big business , with shares in some
companies increasing by up to eight times inside a year . . . . more
pick of the month : ggts
gaming transactions operates in one of the fastest growing industries
around and has an experienced management team . early investors , who get
in before the institutional investors , could make a fortune . . . . more
ggts : ceo interview
patrick smyth and stephen white head up company dedicated to bringing the next generation of online gaming . . . read full interview
the asian market
according to the diffusion group and game trust , china will become the # 1 online gaming market by 2007 . . . . more
investors are making huge gains as the world bets online .
could gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) be the next stock to rock ?
recently ,
we read an article in the economist that highlighted online gaming and
how it has become a socially acceptable form of entertainment . over the
next few days , as we thought about what sort of impact this trend could
have , we started to notice that online gambling was being discussed all
over the media - in newspapers , online and on television . it became
obvious to us that more and more people were jumping on the internet to
bet on games . we also came across some staggering statistics .
merrill lynch , for example , has predicted that gambling has the
potential to account for a full 1 % of global economic activity ! another
source , ecommercetimes . com , recently reported that the scope of this
business is so enormous that some have even claimed that it is the
single most important factor in the growth of e - commerce . the online
gaming industry , in other words , appears to be booming , and it may be
an ideal time to is time to invest .
we decided to
find out who the key players were in the business . after speaking with
a number of industry insiders , the trail led us to an emerging ,
publicly traded company called gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) . after a
close look at ggts , we decided that this company could produce huge returns on investment in the upcoming months .
although
ggts is a new company , it has some surprisingly experienced players at
the helm an uncommon thing to find in an industry only ten years old .
the company has come out with online versions of the addictive game keno .
and its management team was smart enough to secure the rights to the
keno . com website , which , if youre marketing keno , is as good as it
gets . keno has the widest spread for the house of any mainstream
gambling game . ggts is also about to launch a suite of other online
gambling games , including poker and sports - book betting . once it offers
these popular games , and given that it already has keno . com online , the
company could bring in great revenues , attracting a lot of attention in
the investment community and driving up its stock price .
after a successful north american launch ,
gaming transactions inc . ( gtts ) has translated its games into chinese
and is about to hit asia . this initiative looks like a wise business
decision : many analysis anticipate that china will be the biggest
source of online gambling revenue by 2007 , so the company could be poised for massive expansion in terms of both profits and global reach .
what
does all this tell us ? a brand new company , a popular , well - known game ,
one of the biggest spreads for the house , a growing market , experienced
management , and a stock price that is trading under a dollar it adds up to the potential for huge gains for early investors . if youre interested in more information on the market and gaming transactions inc . , click here to read a free ten - page report . . .
to join market movers mailings http : / / ggtsstock . com to find out more .
first source data inc .
4535 west sahara ave # 217
las vegas nevada 89102
disclosure and disclaimer
investment news indepth reports ( hereinafter inir ) , operated by first
source data , inc . ( hereinafter fsd ) , is a business news publication
of regular and general circulation . this issue is not a research
report , does not purport to provide an analysis of any companys
financial position , and is not in any way to be construed as an offer
or solicitation to buy or sell any security . gaming transactions inc .
( hereinafter ggts ) is the featured company . fsd managed the
publishing and distribution of this publication . the information
contained herein is being republished in reliance on statements made by
ggts management , and publicly disseminated information issued by third
parties regarding ggts and the online gaming industry , which are
presumed to be reliable , but neither fsd nor its editors , employees , or
agents accept any responsibility for the accuracy of such statements or
information , or the contents herein which are derived therefrom .
readers should independently verify all statements made in this
advertisement .
fsd has received compensation for the production and distribution of
this newsletter . the compensation received is in the amount of one
hundred and twenty eight thousand dollars and was received from
accelerated capital limited ( hereinafter acl ) for this advertising
effort . acl is a shareholder of ggts . because fsd received compensation
for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the
statements and opinions contained in this newsletter and such
statements and opinions cannot be considered independent .
internet - based companies , and those involving online gaming in
particular , are almost always very high risk investments , and investors
should be aware that they could potentially lose any investment made in
such companies in its entirety . we strongly encourage readers to
undertake their own due diligence to decide the best course of action
in connection with any investment decision that they might make . any
investment should be made only after consulting with a qualified
investment advisor .
media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dtel 071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .