Subject: ground breaking investor news
another ground breaking news alert from nwwv .
a ground floor opportunity for investors -
an explosive , hyper - growth online auction
e - commerce company .
newave surpasses $ 1 million in monthly revenue !
nwwv is an online auction and e - commerce company which utilizes the internet to maximize profits and savings for it ' s customers
recent headlines
newave surpasses $ 1 million in record monthly revenue
surpassing the one million dollar monthly revenue milestone is a significant achievement in our relatively short history . we are now beginning to experience contribution to our top line from all three operating subsidiaries , onlinesupplier . com , auctionliquidator and discount online warehouse . i believe that given the positive industry outlook , we will continue to experience significant growth as we further develop and integrate the three businesses into one unique and total ecommerce solution .
newave ceo michael hill newave launches nationwide advertising campaign with it ' s spokesman bob eubanks
television and game show personality bob eubanks , will be featured on multiple television interviews nationwide the interviews are part of a broader national advertising campaign to be followed later this summer with the broadcast of newave ' s inaugural infomercial featuring mr . eubanks .
newave ' s ' auctionliquidator ' to manage initial major online ebay charity auction
by converging the power of online commerce with philanthropy , we believe we have the ability to develop this concept into a force within the fundraising industry . having recently surpassed over 1 , 000 successful online auctions processed through auctionliquidator , we believe we have just begun to tap into a potentially vast market which is estimated to be approximately $ 10 billion . - christa frankos , vp auctionliquidator
newave ' s onlinesupplier . com partners with listen up overflow call center ; expect surge in call volume sales
we currently receive approximately 6 - 7 , 000 inbound calls a day at onlinesupplier . com . we expect that number to increase to between 10 - 15 , 000 a day with the launch of our infomercial . michael hill , newave ceo
newave ' s ' auctionliquidator ' auctions $ 90 , 000 ' jesse james west coast chopper
. auctionliquidator will auction a custom built cherry cfl west coast chopper . the bike is personally autographed by discovery channel ' s monster garage show host jesse james and is 100 % hand made the auction will be listed on ebay through its affiliated non - profit provider missionfish . the retail value of the chopper is approximately $ 90 , 000 and typically buyers have an estimated one year wait . the auction bidding will begin at $ 50 , 000 on june 8 th and close on june 18 th .
we believe that our offering is a new and unique option for non profit organizations to raise donations and our stated mission is to become the new standard in non profit fundraising . christa frankos vp auctionliquidator
newave announces record annual revenue for 12 months ended december 31 , 2004
we are extremely pleased to have generated almost $ 7 million in revenue in just our first full calendar year of business . . . we are continuing to experience a surge in new memberships to onlinesupplier . com and believe we can effect full scale launches of both auctionliquidator . com and discount online warehouse this year . additionally , with the nationwide broadcast of our first infomercial featuring our celebrity spokesman bob eubanks scheduled for july , we should effectively begin national branding of the newave concept and become a step closer to achieving our mission of providing a fully integrated e - commerce solution for the marketplace .
nwwvthe total e - commerce solution
nwwv through its 3 subsidiaries utilizes the internet to
maximize the income potential and substantial discounted savings for its customers
onlinesupplier . com offers organizations of all sizes from home business to large
enterprise the ability to create , manage , and maintain effective website
solutions for e - commerce since inception in august of 2003 , onlinesupplier . com has serviced over 150 , 000 paid members and received over 2 million inquiries regarding its
services !
auctionliquidator is an online portal which provides individuals , enterprise
customers and non - profit organizations with a quick and efficient method for
selling unwanted items on ebay and other online auction sites since its recent launch , auctionliquidator has surpassed over 1 , 000 successful auctions !
discount online warehouse is an online wholesale club which offers discounted
products purchased in bulk quantities to its members
challenge :
while the u . s . economy has been sluggish , e - commerce has never been hotter ! according to forrester research , u . s . retail e - commerce sales eclipsed $ 136 . 6 billion in 2004 , an increase of 20 % from 2003 .
put another way : e - commerce grew three times faster than retail sales as a whole for the same period !
but there is a dark cloud on the horizon . there are more than 22 million small businesses in the u . s . , the vast majority with fewer than a dozen employees . they represent 50 % of the entire u . s . economy and 75 % of all new jobs . . . and yet these businesses find it increasingly difficult to cash in on the e - commerce revolution . it ' s becoming harder and harder to design and maintain online stores . . . set up merchant accounts . . . control web - based inventories . . . and package and ship products .
as consumers increasingly demand web catalogs and instant online shopping , millions of small businesses are missing out .
without a state of the art web site . . . a wide variety of competitively - priced products and services . . . and cutting - edge ordering and payment options . . . these small businesses and entrepreneurs are losing billions of dollars in potential profits .
and because small businesses provide most of the new jobs in america , the ripple effect of this failure to offer online shopping could dramatically slow down the economic recovery of the country as a whole .
plus , that ' s only half of the problem . there are millions more people and businesses that would like to sell items on ebay . . . but they either don ' t own computers or don ' t want to be bothered with listing and photographing items on ebay .
. nwwv has the ultimate solution
fortunately , nwwv has developed easy , cost - effective solutions to these e - commerce challenges !
first : nwwv , through its web portal online supplier . com , helps small businesses and entrepreneurs get in on the e - commerce revolution by providing a turn key online store with dynamic content . . . hundreds of products selling at up to 50 % below retail price . . . access to merchant account services . . . and direct shipping to buyers . for a small monthly fee , nwwv allows businesses to have an instant online retail presence .
second : nwwv ' s other subsidiary , auction liquidator , has established a relationship with fedex to provide it with nationwide network of drop - off centers that will let anyone to sell an item on ebay by just dropping it off at any one of the 5 , 000 fedex or kinkos locations without ever touching a computer . auctionliquidator will handle the entire transaction for the seller and simply send him or her a check once the item sells .
nwwv recently launched a national radio advertising campaign featuring celebrity spokesman bob eubanks , longtime tv host of the newlywed game and well - known music impresario . nwwv is currently in production for their first infomercial which is scheduled for nationwide broadcast beginning in july 2005 .
legendary tv game show host and celebrity personality bob - eubanksof the newlywed game
now national spokesman for nwwv
7 big reasons to consider nwwv before its stock could jump from $ 1 . 50 a share to $ 15
1 . nwwv has innovated the e - commerce industry : as a one - stop online wholesaler and e - commerce facilitator , nwwv helps thousands of entrepreneurs and small businesses take advantage of the explosion in online shopping and auctioneering . according to forrester research , e - commerce sales will hit $ 175 billion this year and $ 310 billion by 2010 and nwwv is smack dab in the middle of it .
2 . nwwv ' s online auction drop - off concept could bring in millions of more auction customers and capture a significant portion of a potential $ 10 billion market . ebay itself estimates that several million people would like to sell items on its service but don ' t know how to use computers . a company like nwwv that has established a drop - off presence with fedex and already has an established online auction wholesale business could become the dominant player in a brand - new , growth segment of e - commerce .
3 . nwwv ' s growth has been nothing short of explosive . within three months of its launch in august 2003 , nwwv had monthly sales of $ 348 , 000 . for 2004 nwwv just reported annual sales of $ 6 . 8 million in just their first full calendar year of business and just announced it surpassed over $ 1 million in monthly sales !
4 . like ebay and ubid , nwwv ' s growth potential is virtually unlimited . a tiny web site with just the right combination of e - commerce solutions and products can grow at an exponential rate . already , nwwv has serviced more than 150 , 000 paid members . . . and is receiving over 6 , 000 new online inquires per day . if only 1 % of them join the nwwv online shopping club , nwwv would triple its rate of growth .
5 . nwwv ' s monthly fee of $ 29 . 95 per month guarantees a steady flow of revenue . this guarantees the company a source of revenue for its ongoing marketing campaigns .
as an online wholesale shopping club , nwwv also makes money from sales of the top - quality products offered through its web portal , onlinesupplier . com .
6 . nwwv recently launched a national radio advertising campaign featuring celebrity spokesman bob eubanks , longtime tv host of the newlywed game and well - known music impresario . nwwv is also currently in production for their first infomercial which is scheduled for nationwide broadcast beginning in july 2005 .
7 . by my calculations , nwwv would only need increase annual sales ten - fold to $ 68 million for its stock to potentially skyrocket from $ 1 . 50 a share today to $ 15 a share . it ' s risky , but would turn every $ 10 , 000 invested into almost $ 100 , 000 . if the current growth continues , nwwv could potentially meet sales numbers like that in 24 months or less . is it possible for a new company like nwwv to grow that fast ? you better believe it ! annual sales of $ 68 million represent only a miniscule portion just 0 . 05 % of the $ 136 billion in total e - commerce sales . . . which are growing at the staggering rate of 20 % per year .
dear investor :
the only sure path to investment wealth is to find breakthrough new companies before anyone else does and buy them when they ' re still dirt cheap . in this special issue , i am blowing the lid on nwwv a brand - new e - commerce company that is in the process of revolutionizing the burgeoning online auction market . it ' s an online shopping club that lets ordinary people set up , maintain and grow their own auction businesses for just pennies a day . and according to forrester research , this year online auctions will represent fully 25 % of a $ 175 billion e - commerce market .
read this report and you will discover why i believe nwwv could turn a $ 10 , 000 investment into $ 100 , 000 within just 24 months or sooner ! but don ' t delay . this company already has 150 , 000 members . . . its first calendar year annual sales hit almost $ 7 million ! . . . and is still growing this stock has the potential to be a huge winner .
don ' t miss out !
read this valuable special report right away !
sincerely , jack burney , editor
welcome to this issue of hitech fortunes !
i don ' t think i ' ve ever been more excited about a stock and that ' s saying a lot . i won ' t kid you , either : this is one of those stocks that may scare off some investors , but which has the potential to make you , not 5 times your money , but 10 or even 20 times your money . it ' s risky , but with potential profits like those , i think it ' s a risk you should consider .
back in 1995 , two guys got together in a san jose , california , living room to discuss launching a new online shopping business . they didn ' t want to sell products themselves , like the new company amazon . com . they simply wanted to help people and businesses sell their products to one another . the new web site would make its money from a small upfront fee for using the service . . . and a small percentage of the price of the products sold on the site ( between 1 % and 5 % , depending upon the price ) .
most people , of course , thought pierre omi - dyar and jeff skoll were crazy . when their company first went public , its stock only sold for $ 3 a share . talk about a small stock ! but a year later , no one thought they were crazy . every $ 10 , 000 invested in ebay grew into $ 166 , 000 in 12 months . and after just nine years in business , ebay today has 100 million registered users , a total market cap of $ 52 billion and annual net revenues in excess of $ 3 billion .
i only bring this up to remind you of the astonishing potential of the right e - commerce stock . quite frankly , most of them never get off the ground . the dot . com bust taught us that a bright idea is not enough , that you have to have a solid business plan and substantial growth in revenues to create a winner . but when you do find a winner , the profits you can make are simply outstanding .
the company i am going to introduce to you in this issue is just such a breakthrough e - commerce stock . it has the potential to become another huge winner . it is the first company i know of to combine the concepts of wholesale shopping clubs and drop - off consignment stores with the exponential power of e - commerce and internet auctions . like ebay , it makes its money both from membership fees as well as from a percentage of the actual sales on its web sites and through its drop - off consignment stores . and its sales are growing at a rate of more than 21 % . . . per month .
i ' ve seen just how fast an e - commerce business can take off when it has the right concept at the right time . i believe this new stock is just such a company .
get ready for yet another potential huge winner ! read this report right now , take action , and be prepared for potentially massive profits .
sincerely ,
jack burney , editor
read full report now
who is jack burney ?
jack burney has a long and successful career in financial media .
he has more than 55 years of experience as a stock analyst
and investment advisor . he was a business editor for the dallas
times herald and a leading financial writer for the otc news
network . however , he was so disgusted by the poor advice and
even worst stock recommendations of the mainstream media , he
decided to launch his own series of elite publications for serious
investors . to date , his vip special reports including biotech
fortunes , hitech fortunes and institutional fortunes have see
stock picks with returns as high as 256 % in a matter of weeks .
unfortunately , the only way you can get jack burneys advice is
through these special reports , normally made available only by
subscription and at a substantial price . ( the premier subscription
price for the stock trader news , for all new subscribers , is
scheduled to double to $ 1 , 298 in october . )
warnng : if youre not a subscriber to one of jacks publications ,
and have received an issue in error , then please : do not
read this publication . it is written for serious investors
only . jack burneys track record is impeccable , but these highly
confidential stock recommendations are for serious investors
who hope to make 200 % to 300 % profits as a minimum .
for more direct information call
1 - 800 - 277 - 9081
or visit
www . newave - inc . com
www . onlinesupplier . com
www . auctionliquidator . com
read full report now !
read full report now
for more direct information call
1 - 800 - 277 - 9081
or visit
www . newave - inc . com
www . onlinesupplier . com
www . auctionliquidator . com
for more direct information call
1 - 800 - 277 - 9081
or visit www . newave - inc . com
www . onlinesupplier . com
www . auctionliquidator . com
to join market movers mailings http : / / nwwvstock . com to find out more .
tw inc .
4636 hidden forest dr .
sarasota fl , 32430
safe harbor :
this is a paid advertisement . tw inc . was paid one hundred thousand dollars for the dissemination of this issue of hi - tech fortunes . pacific shore investments llc and its affiliates were compensated twenty - thousand dollars in cash by nwwv and also own approximately one - million two - hundred thousand shares of nwwv common stock and reserve the right to sell any or all of its shares in any company profiled including nwwv , at any time , be that before the date of a profile , during the date of a profile , or at anytime after the date of a profile . bob eubanks , through affiliate luminary ventures , inc . is compensated fifteen - thousand dollars per month by nwwv and owns approximately one - million five - hundred thousand shares and warrants of nwwv common stock and reserves the right to sell any or all of its shares in any company profiled including nwwv , at any time , be that before the date of a profile , during the date of a profile , or at anytime after the date of a profile . jack burney received three - thousand dollars of direct cash compensation and expects to receive new subscriber revenue , the amount of which is unknown at this time . further , specific financial information , filings and disclosures , as well as general investor information about publicly traded companies like nwwv , advice to investors and other investor resources are available at the securities and exchange commission website at www . sec . gov . any investment should be made only after consulting with a qualified investment advisor and after reviewing the publicly available financial statements of the company and verifying that the investment is approved within the respective investor ' s state . investing in securities is highly speculative and carries a great deal of risk . past performance does not guarantee future results . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . the information contained herein includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . reference is made in particular to the description of nwwv ' s plans and objectives for future operations , assumptions underlying such plans and objectives and other forward - looking statements included in the information provided . such statements , which contain terms such as expect , believe , anticipate , suggest , plan , indicate and similar terms of uncertainty , are based on management ' s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward - looking statements . factors which could cause such results to differ materially from those described in the forward - looking statements include the size and growth of the market for nwwv ' s operations , regulatory approvals , the ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and the long term , developments by competitors which could impact nwwv ' s operations ; armed conflicts and or terrorist activities which could effect the economy and or the public equity markets , effects of naked short selling and other market pressures ; and similar related issues . all statements relating to operational results are hereby qualified in their entirety by the company ' s filings , including its financial statement filings , under the securities exchange act of 1934 . this material is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell newave inc . securities or any other securities . the securities of nwwv involve a high degree of risk . please consult a broker or adviser before purchasing or selling any securities of any company mentioned herein .
media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dtel 071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
