Subject: solution to a billion dollar epidemic
you wanted to be apart of our next big thing , this is it cyhd
cyberhand technologies international has revolutionary products that can save countless millions in unnecessary medical claims
news : up to 70 % of all work - related injury claims can be attributed to repetitive stress injuries , with the majority of those coming from carpal tunnel syndrome .
these injuries cost employers , insurance companies and individuals over $ 2 billion dollars a year in lost wages , lost productivity and paid worker ' s comp and insurance claims . not only are they a major cost to nearly every large corporation , the can be devastating to small companies , the self - employed and even individuals that are not even in the workforce .
while more and more people finally seem to realize the enormous scope of this problem , few are doing much to help resolve it . how can we get to the root of the problem the flawed ergonomics that caused millions of people and employers to suffer needlessly ?
finally , a real solution
cyberhand technologies international has been quietly developing multiple lines of products that go right to the heart of this multi - billion dollar epidemic workplace and online gaming ergonomics . cyberhand has tapped some of the world ' s leading workplace scientists , k inesiologists and engineers to design its unique , patent protected products that enable people to work and play much more effectively and efficiently with computers , pda ' s , smart - phones and video games , without the devastating repetitive stress injuries that so often accompany long hours in front of a computer or mobile computing device .
why is this so important ?
because when any company has the potential to save other companies millions or even billions of dollars , you can count on one sure thing they will get noticed !
cyberhand ' s market potential is huge
the markets that cyberhand is entering are measured in the billions of dollars . the u . s . market alone for its first ergonomic computer mouse offering is estimated at over $ 500 million . even if cyberhand is able to capture only a few percent of this market right away , sales from its unique computer mice could be anywhere from $ 10 to $ 25 million .
the computer gaming peripherals market is estimated to be worth $ 6 billion dollars in the u . s . alone and is and growing at an amazing 34 % year over year . if it was only able to secure a very small fraction of this marketplace , cyberhand could realize tens of millions of dollars in new revenues over the next few years .
the pda or handheld market is equally impressive , experiencing an annual global growth rate of 38 % . the market is projected to be a $ 35 billion market in 2006 and that does not even include the cellular or smart - phone peripheral market when cyberhand is also introducing revolutionary products .
this is big business ! ! !
addressing the root cause of repetitive stress injuries is and will continue to be a rapidly growing a multi - billion dollar business . since the advent of distributed computing in the 1980 ' s , the world ' s economy has come to rely heavily on personal computers ( pcs ) and workstations . in just a couple of decades , the pc with its ever increasing capability to dramatically increasing human productivity and entertain , has evolved from a novelty into an indispensable fixture in seemingly nearly every home and business in the developed world .
still , the injuries its repeated uses cause have been brushed aside for years , even as the hard costs associated with them rocket into the stratosphere .
how big is this problem ?
the national occupational research agenda ( nora ) and musculoskeletal di sorders and health administration ( osha ) report that based on information provided by the u . s . bureau of labour statistics in 2001 in the us alone , more than $ 2 . 1 billion in workers ' compensation costs and $ 90 million in indirect costs ( hiring , training , overtime , and administrative costs ) are incurred annually for these msd ( musculoskeletal disorders ) . in 1994 , 332 , 000 msd cases due to rsi were reported in u . s . workplaces . this figure represents nearly 65 % of all illness cases reported to the u . s . bureau of labour statistics . and , these numbers are increasing by an average of more than 10 % a year . the cost is staggering !
7 . 5 million workdays a year lost to carpal tunnel syndrome injuries !
the most frequently reported upper - extremity msd cases affect the hand / wrist region , with carpal tunnel syndrome ( cts ) being the most widely recognized condition . work - related cts injuries typically require an average of 30 lost workdays per injured worker . in 2000 alone ( the last year of reported statistics ) there were 250 , 000 reported cases . that is 7 . 5 million lost workdays !
what is being done to curb this billion dollar problem ?
cyberhand technologies international is quickly emerging as a leader in this huge market . cyberhand has developed three distinct , patent - protected lines of products that directly counter the most common causes of repetitive stress injuries .
the company ' s initial ground breaking product offering include :
an ergonomic computer mouse product line that eliminates computer related repetitive stress injuries ;
wireless keyboards for personal di gital assistants ( pdas ) and smart - phones currently sold under the pocketop brand ;
computer game controllers that are 40 % more responsive then its competitor ' s products .
cyberhand also offers software and accessories that compliment and extend the functionality of the company ' s devices .
cyberhand ' s products , with their innovative ergonomic designs and leading edge technologies that are superior to other products already on the market , could quickly become the gold standard in this multi - billion dollar market segment . this company could go from early stage to a $ 100 + blockbuster almost overnight . not only is that good news for cyberhand , it could be even better news for investors that are savvy enough to scoop the company ' s stock up at ground floor prices .
demand for cyberhand ' s products is expected to be phenomenal
major retailers and wholesalers , as well as some of the world ' s largest corporations , have already indicated that they are prepared to purchase or stock cyberhand ' s products in the tens or even hundreds of thousands right away . they have the foresight to see how big this can be . do you ?
in addition , cyberhand has 10 products in either the prototype or design stage . this means that the company should continue to release a constant stream of highly sought after products for years to come as its name recognition and credibility as a leader in its industry continues to grow .
all intellectual property and recent product upgrades ( fully patent protected ) have been developed in - house with turnaround time substantially less than any other competitor in the industry . this allows cyberhand to go from whiteboard to production in as little as ninety days with a complete prototype evolution .
two kinds of growth should mean higher revenues and faster growth
cyberhand ' s business - savvy executives are not satisfied with just the phenomenal growth estimates they believe will come from their own internally - developed product lines . they have undertaken a very aggressive acquisition strategy wherein cyberhand is actively seeking out other companies with cutting - edge technology and products that compliment cyberhand ' s products and negotiating to acquire these companies .
the company ' s first major acquisition was pocketop computer corporation , a privately held company that helped pioneer innovations in the portable handheld market in an effort to propel users into the next era of mobile computing . pocketop has developed a new product that we believe is expected to become the defacto standard in the pda portable keyboard market .
this gigantic handheld device marketplace ( one of the fastest growing consumer electronics markets ) is one of cyberhand ' s main areas of focus and the acquisition of pocketop has helped cyberhand jump right to the forefront of the market .
better yet , cyberhand shows no signs of slowing down . the company has indicated that it is currently evaluating several other potential acquisition candidates and could be getting close to closing its next deal . the story just keeps getting better .
cyberhand can count on its industry - best in - house technology design and world class management to be successful
michael burke , co - founder , chief executive
officer and director
michael burke is responsible for technology commercialization of cyberhand ' s patented assets into components and working prototypes utilizing these technologies . michael has extensive experience in the development and structuring of start - up businesses , specializing in technological integration , finance , project and corporate development with a successful track record of creating shareholder value .
brad kitchen , chief financial officer and director
brad kitchen is responsible for the financing of the commercialization activities and directing the public merger activities of the company . mr . kitchen graduated holds an mba and a bachelors of science degree in civil engineering . he began his career as an investment banker , servicing as vice - president and di rector at cibc world markets , before forming pbk financial engineering to advise small to medium sized companies on corporate finance issues .
pocketop computer corporation
overview
pocketop computer corporation is targeting the high growth handheld device market one of the fastest growing consumer electronics markets . as handheld devices become more powerful , mobile professionals are demanding more of their pdas they want more than just an organizer , they want a mobile computer . in response to this trend , pocketop has developed a new product that we believe will become the defacto standard in the pda portable keyboard market .
corporate profile
the pocketop keyboard is the world ' s first wireless portable pda keyboard and provides significant benefits to pda users :
it is half the volume and weight of the market leader , but has traditional touch - typing keyboard functionality
quick and easy wizard - driven software set - up
no cords or hook - ups as there are with traditional portable keyboards
although the keyboard is optimized for the palm os platform , it is compatible with most palm and pocketpc pdas the consumer doesn ' t have to replace their keyboard if they buy a new device
quick and easy data entry with less effort and greater productivity than when using a stylus pen . the touch - typing keyboard allows large amounts of text to be entered in to the pda when using email , web browsing or word processing
one touch access to important applications directly from the keyboard
programmable shortcut keys
product offerings
the following summarizes the key product offerings . for a complete list , please refer to the product catalogue enclosed in appendix a .
wireless pda keyboard
this product offers pda users a fully - functional , wireless , portable keyboard that fits in the same pocket as their pda . this same pocket distinction is a size and form factor innovation , since it turns the pda into a true pocket laptop , enabling users to send and receive e - mail , surf the web , and perform word processing and spreadsheet tasks . the pocketop wireless keyboard is the world ' s first portable pda keyboard that provides the following benefits to pda users ;
it is half the volume and weight of the market leader but has traditional touch - typing keyboard functionality ;
easy to use wizard - driven software set - up ;
no cords or hook - ups as there are with traditional portable keyboards ;
the keyboard operates with all major pda devices and the consumer doesn ' t have to replace their keyboard if they buy a new device ;
quick and easy data entry with less effort and greater productively than when suing a stylus pen , the touch typing keyboard also allows large amounts of text to be entered into the pda when using e - mail , web browsing or word processing
one touch access to important applications directly from the keyboard ; and
programmable shortcut keys .
as handheld devices become more powerful , mobile professionals are demanding more of their pdas they want more than just an organizer , they want a mobile computer . in response to this trend , cyberhand ' s recently - acquired pocketop has gained access to established manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales channels , as well as a fully functional website and services department to compliment its in - house design operations .
the oem agreement allows cyberhand to use the established manufacturing contracts for production of the pocketop wireless keyboards under either the pocketop or cyberhand brands and may also be expanded to include the manufacturing of cyberhand ' s other computer product lines . cyberhand will utilize pocketop ' s web site for on - line sales and service of all of its products . cyberhand ' s in - house design team has already developed new software drivers for the pocketop wireless keyboard to allow it to be used for new pdas that have recently been introduced to the market .
by replicating pocketop ' s established infrastructure for its own benefit , cyberhand does not have to create new relationships and should be able to take its other products to the market in a relatively short period of time . this commercialization of cyberhand ' s products should not only generate revenue but should confirm the value of cyberhand ' s extensive intellectual property .
to join market movers mailings press here to find out more .
atn enterprise
po box 2345
bonita springs , fl 34133
disclaimer and sec compliance
the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . atn is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . atn received compensation for this newsletter service . the compensation is eighty thousand dollars from a non - affiliated third party . because atn is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . atn makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements .
media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
