Subject: 4 billion dollar industry - investment op
hey , i thought you would be interested in amgj , for your portfolio .
4 billion - dollar christian music industry !
aggressive investors and day traders should have their sights on a . g . media group , inc . ( symbol : amgj ) this morning !
montreal , june 15 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - a . g . media group , inc ' s ( other otc : amgj . pk - news ) gospelcity . com property has been selected by fo yo soul productions , a sony bmg ( nyse : sne ) imprint label , to promote its multi platinum selling christian music artist kirk franklin ' s new album . this follows a recently announced interactive marketing agreement to promote a new album from sony bmg ' s major artist mary mary . the marketing agreement features a comprehensive and interactive campaign that includes ; email promotion , online chat sessions , audio interviews , customized listening centre , banner ads , blogs , and contests .
with over $ 100 million in gross product sales since his multi - platinum album kirk franklin the family , fans of the grammy award winning artist are eagerly anticipating his new works .
we are very excited that another a - list christian celebrity from the sony bmg family has chosen a . g . media ' s gospelcity web property to promote their music , states richard picart , ag media ' s coo , this endorsement exhibits the confidence the market identifies in our brand and ability to generate measurable results with our audience .
gospelcity . com continues to be the online brand of choice for presenting and promoting christian mainstream and inspirational artists . previous artists presented on the site include mary mary , ruben studdard , gladys knight , smokie norful , r . kelly , amongst others .
the christian music industry generates $ 4 billion in sales per year and gospelcity . com is a leading christian music and gospel media web site . the power of the internet is interactivity . advertisers on the gospelcity web site gain the attention of this important target customer base , inform them , interact with them and take their orders .
a . g . media group is organized in the following business units :
- internet new media -
currently operating and producing the gospelcity . com web property , a . g . media is developing a synergistic network of christian music and entertainment based web properties . these mainstream appealing , cutting edge web properties will deliver audio , video and editorial content and incorporate subsrciption models to access premium content .
- content services -
the content services division develops and produces high - quality film , television programming and editorial content for distribution and syndication . with the growing concern regarding the effects of negative messaging in television and film , the goal of a . g . media in this area is to provide a variety of enjoyable and positively oriented programming . the company is currently completing its first feature film and has developed three original television shows , two of which have already received strong interest from a major cable television distributor .
- technology services -
the a . g . media technology services division focuses on new improvements to enhance the consumer experience on the company ' s web properties as well as developing specialized niche applications for media delivery .
- marketing advertising -
with the growing demand from advertisers and marketers for product placement and positioning in the christian marketplace , a . g . media has created the first christian media focused , online advertising agency , media central . media central provides the following marketing and advertising services : christian online media planning and buying , promotion and integrated marketing packages ; serving as a one - stop for marketers to effectively target the millions of online christian consumers .
- print -
a . g . media will soon announce the addition of a new print publication to its family of properties
a . g . media group , inc . - about the company
a . g . media group , inc . was established to become a leading christian media holding company comprising christian - based internet , print , radio and television related content properties and technology development services . the company will develop and acquire additional synergistic christian media properties to establish a multi - dimensional media company . a . g . media is also focused on the development of valuable , high demand content for distribution through multiple media outlets and through its continually growing audience base .
the goal of a . g . media is to address the high demand and need for positive messaging through christian music and entertainment content by creating and distributing this content through multiple media channels . a . g . media will also devise creative ways to provide accessibility , acceptance and relevance of this content to mainstream audiences .
to join market movers mailings http : / / amgjstock . com to find out more .
gbi
155 dalhousie st .
toronto , on msb 2 p 7
disclaimer and sec compliance
the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . gbi is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . gbi received compensation for this newsletter service . the compensation is fifty thousand dollars from a non - affiliated third party . because gbi is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . gbi makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements .
media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
