Subject: - - - - transfer / investment - - -
from : ismael zulu
tel : 27 - 83 - 436 - 8440 .
ismael _ zulu @ yahoo . ca
attn : sir ,
i know that this message will come to you as a surprise since we donâ ’ t know each other before , but for purpose of introduction , i am mr . ismael zulu , the chief auditor of amalgamated bank of south africa ( absa )
there is an account opened in this bank in 1998 and since 2002 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently it would be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . smith b . andreas , a foreigner , and a miner at kruger gold co . , a geologist by profession and he died since 2002 . no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is ( usdl 0 . 7 m ) ten million seven hundred thousand united states dollars .
i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a local bank here , but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the account is mr . smith b . andreas is a foreigner too . i know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we don ' t know ourselves before . we will sign an agreement , but be sure that it is real and a genuine business .
please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take immediately . send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face or sign a binding agreement to bind us together so that you can receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . and i will fly to your country for withdrawal and sharing and other investments .
i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner , who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you immediately , if you are capable and willing to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again in my life . i need truthful person in this business because i don ' t want to make mistake i need your strong assurance and trust .
with my position now in the office i can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing . i will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place . you can also come to discuss with me face to face after which i will make this remittance in your presence and two of us will fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the account .
i will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account . i will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments .
at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 30 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , and while 10 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring .
i look forward to your earliest reply through my email : ismael _ zulu @ yahoo . ca or by my tel : 27 - 83 - 436 - 8440 .
yours truly ,
mr . ismael zulu .