Subject: soliciting for a business venture and partnership
good day ,
with warm heart i offer my friendship and greetings . i hope this mail
meets you in good time . however strange or surprising this contact might
seem to you as we have not met personally or had any dealings in the
past , i humbly ask that you take due consideration of its importance and
immense benefits . i duly apologize for infringing on your privacy if this
proposal is not acceptable to you .
first and foremost , i wish to introduce myself properly to you . i am
mr . mark shaw , the son of the former liberia finance minister ( mr .
emmanuel shaw ) under the past government of charles taylor . i presume you
are aware of the political crisis in my country which affected my
father ' s health . at the end of charles taylor ' s regime , he was exiled to
nigeria where he currently resides . majority of his officers including
ministers like my father , are having their accounts frozen by the present
government because they were uncomfortable with the past regime . we then
jointly decided within the family to relocate the family funds outside
liberia for investmest .
i am contacting you because of a good friend of my father ( dr . thomas clark )
who visited your country sometime ago and told my family about your country .
following the above reasons , i have been subsequently advised by my
father to go abroad to invest his money . so , i am soliciting for your
co - operation and confidential assistance to take custody of fourteen
million five hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 14 . 500 . 000 ) . and
also to front for me in areas of business which you desire profitable . left
alone , this would prove extremely difficult if not impossible because
of the bureaucratic nature of the western world . to show my preparedness
and appreciation to conduct this business with you , i shall give you
15 % of the total funds and 5 % commission on any profit that we might
realise in the process of investing the funds . 5 % shall be set aside for
any eventual cost that may occur in the process of this transaction .
please , i need your entire support and co - operation for the success of
this business venture , and also your utmost confidentiality .
be rest assured that , this is absolutely safe with no risk involved . i
do hope my proposal is acceptable to you .
you can reach me through this e - mail address : miishaw @ netscape . net
thank you for your anticipated co - operation as we await your prompt
response .
god bless .
best regards ,
mark shaw .