Subject: pinnacle systems : special offers | june 2005
welcome to june edition of
special offers from pinnacle systems . you have received
this message as a registered pinnacle user or as a subscriber to pinnacle emails . if for any reason
you would prefer not to receive our emails , you can unsubscribe at the bottom of this page .
note : offers made in this email are valid in the us and canada only .
offer details : free shipping offer expires june 30 , 2005 . valid in us and canada only . void where
prohibited .
offer details : upgrade to
studio plus for $ 39 . 99 until june 30 , 2005 . green screen t - shirt sold separately . purchase moviebox
deluxe or ultimate accessory pack and get a free green screen t - shirt . discount on ultimate
accessory pack only available via this email . offers valid in us and canada
only . void where prohibited . offers
end june 30 , 2005 .
turn your pc into an all - in - one entertainment center complete with tv and personal
video recorder !
pctv 100 e from pinnacle transforms your laptop or desktop pc into an all - in - one
entertainment center , complete with tv and personal video recorder ( pvr ) . watch and record analog tv
channels . control live tv with advanced personal video recorder features . use mediacenter software
to manage and enjoy all your photo , video and music files via a single , remote - controlled interface .
click here to learn more about pinnacle pctv 100 e
special
offer : buy pctv 100 e and get
instant dvd recorder
absolutely free !
pinnacle pctv 100 e
+ free instant dvd recorder
only $ 129 . 98 $ 99 . 99
free with your purchase .
a $ 29 . 99 value !
featuring a friendly interface and revolutionary duplication technology , pinnacle
instant dvd recorder allows you to record directly to a dvd with basic menus . it ? s an easy way to
quickly archive your videos . a step by step wizard guides beginners through the process . for more
experienced users , an advanced mode is available .
offer details : free
instant dvd recorder offer ends june 30 , 2005 and is only available via this email . offer valid in us and canada only . void where prohibited .
exciting new
features now available with version 6 . 1 !
click here to read about the top
new features in 6 . 1
why upgrade ?
offer
details : all liquid edition
version 6 pro upgrade orders will receive a free copy of liquid edition 6 quickpro guide . free book
offer expires june 30 , 2005 . the $ 200 mail - in rebate program applies to liquid edition pro or adobe
premiere / pro users purchasing the liquid edition pro version 6 upgrade . all offers are valid in
united states and canada only . void where prohibited .
here are 5 great reasons to upgrade
from your current version of liquid edition :
1 , 000 ? s of real - time sd and hd effects with
smartrt
all - format editing from sd to hd with smartedit
all new professional audio engine
with support for full dolby surround sound
advanced multicam support
native hd support for all popular
hdv formats from sony and jvc
has never been easier .
click
here to upgrade
adobe
premiere / premiere pro users :
why pay more on plug - ins for
features like hdv support , multicam support and surround sound encoding when you can get these
features standard with liquid edition ? why take the time to learn several different applications
interfaces when you can access editing , effects , compositing , titling , professional audio and dvd
authoring all inside a single , intuitive interface with liquid edition .
finally , why pay for expensive and quickly
outdated video graphics accelerator hardware when you can harvest the full power of your indigenous
resources with smartrt and smartedit inside liquid edition ? why not just step up to liquid edition ?
pinnacle systems provides
consumers and professionals with cutting - edge digital media solutions for use at home , in the
studio , and on the air . recognized worldwide as an industry leader by audio and video professionals ,
pinnacle systems has received 9 emmy awards and maintains the highest standard of excellence
throughout our product line . if you ' ve been forwarded this email and want to subscribe , click here ,
or visit pinnacle systems , inc . 280 north bernardo
avenuemountain view , california 94043 this message was intended for : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org
you were added to the system 25 - may - 05 . for more informationclick here . update your preferences | unsubscribe
