Subject: reach 100 , 000 brokers charset = windows - 1252 " >
dear industry professional ,
the importance of the
internet and the opportunities it can afford a company are unparalleled in
the year 2005 and beyond . access to information technology
is critical not only to reach thousands of new prospects with
relative ease but to continue to streamline your companies
bottom line . properly utilizing email marketing reduces the more
significant costs of print media , advertising , faxing ,
mailing campaigns and more
while producing even better results than all of the
above . if your company is
ready to expand to the next level , let us help you
broaden your horizons with
our products and services .
we have been providing email
marketing and other services since 2001 . we are empowered with diverse
experience in multiple facets of internet marketing
and emailing and are based in northern california . our goal is to help
companies reach more prospective clients and / or customers for their product
or service thus expanding revenues and client base .
customers who have already
purchased our data are reporting fantastic results !
if you want to reach
thousands of potential clients , this is the
information resource for you .
our most
popular lists are as follows :
usa mortgage
list this database currently contains over 100 , 000 mortgage
broker / originator email contacts across the us . purchase all records for
only $ 1450 . 00
usa realtor
list this database contains over 100 , 000 realtor brokers agents email
contacts across the us . purchase all records for only $
1450 . 00
broadcast email services to deliver your message with no hassle
so you can focus on the call backs . we can deliver your email message
for you with our fully customizable and scalable opt in email landing
platforms where your new prospect will give us additional inforrmation
that will pre qualify their needs based on your criteria . your hot
prospects will be forwarded to you in real
time . for a limited time we are providing free email blasts to
new customers . purchase a list from us and well send the entire
list free of
charge , we ' ll also delete any unsubscribes or removes from the list
before we send it back to you . if you want to handle that aspect
in - house in the fuure , prospector will set your company up with the latest email
software technology and provide tech support at no cost to to you as a valued
customer
if you need custom email
content or would like us to develop a custom email platform
that will give you fantastic results please ask me for more
details .
our lists are consistently
updated with new names to keep them fresh . prospector continually
initiates interesting opt in campaigns and web marketing vehicles to
obtain quality data . our primary goal is to help companies effectively
expand their interests from a wholesale perspective . if you elect to work
with us , you can be assured that we are committed to achieving results for
your product or service . please let me know if you have any questions
about what we have to offer .
prospector communications
wants your email campaign to be a success .
sincerely ,
matt
clark prspctl @ cyberverse . com
prospector
communications www . goldleads . net
to unsubscribe email prspctl @ cyberverse . com with
unsubscribe in the subject
field
mortgage leads
real estate leads
email marketing made easy
