Subject: please assist
from : mr . li le song
hang seng bank ltd
fu shan mansion 25
taikoo shing road ,
taikoo shing branch
hong kong .
email : soogo 007 @ yahoo . com . hk
dear friend ,
may i be granted the opportunity to introduce myself , i am mr . li le song credit officer of the foriegn operations dept of the hang seng bank ltd , taikoo shing branch . i have a obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client colonel sadiq uday who was with the iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 12 calendar months , with a value of nineteen millions five hundred thousand united state dollars only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , during the iraq war . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the colonel and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that colonel sadiq uday did not declare any next of kin in his , official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no !
one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , nineteen millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to colonel sadiq uday so that you will be able to receive his funds .
what is to be done :
i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to colonel sadiq uday , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account the sharing ratio is open for negotiation for you .
should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address to my private email soogo 007 @ yahoo . com . hk , and shortly after , i shall provide you with more details of this operation .
your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated .
kind regards ,
mr . li le song .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com