Subject: re : scadsa
dear sir ,
greetings , i am mr . henry okoye the account manager of late mr . morris thompson
in standard trust bank regional office in victoria island , here in lagos .
however i got your contact through the international web directory . i decided
to contact you by email because i feel that it is more secured and private .
recently we discovered a dormant account with a huge amount of money valued
usd 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million dollars only ) that belongs to one of
our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and
auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money
belonging to late mr . morris thompson an american great industrialist
and a resident of alaska , who unfortunately lost his life in the plane
crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including
his wife and only daughter .
you shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site which i got
during my investigation ;
http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list / and http : / / www . nativefederation . org / history / people / mthompson . html
the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim
of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our
discovery of this development .
the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for
six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill . it
is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery
that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant
fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted
colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to
our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account
as the beneficiary ? s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next
of kin or relative of the deceased , late mr . morris thompson .
in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in
this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account
and that would eventually raise an eye brow on our side during the time of
transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why
we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as
the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set
up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can
also serve for this purpose .
on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 40 % as
gratification for your assisting us , and the remaining 60 % will be for me
and my partners .
what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have
in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish
the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free .
further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive
response . i suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish .
find in the attachment of my family picture , to proof who i am .
i await your urgent responce
regrads ,
mr . henry okoye
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /