Subject: claim free $ 250 visa gift card . . . while supplies last ! !
6831862
save up to 30 % off your uk car insurance
great value car insurance . save up to 30 % off your car insurance when you
order online . compare car insurance quotes from some of the ukâ € ™ s leading car
insurers . apply online today for free no - obligation quotes .
postal address : suite 238 , 14 tottenham court . road . london wlt
ijy
modern technology corp . announces
significant next phase of corporate development
alert : see press on
june 16 th . motg is on
track for huge 2005 and 2006 .
oxford , miss . , jun 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex ) - - modern
technology corp . ( otcbb : motg ) a diversified technology development and
acquisition company announced today the official launch of its next phase
of growth and operational strategy . the company ' s next phase of growth
centers upon the acquisition of nascent commercial technologies and
introducing them into the sales and distribution channels of existing motg
subsidiaries and partners .
anthony welch , modern technology corp . ' s chairman said , as our
stockholders are aware , over the past year we have met our goals and our
performance record speaks for itself . we now continue executing our vision
of technology acquisition and market development . we accomplish this
through acquiring successful operating companies and combine these
operations with the introduction of newly acquired technology products .
for example , our subsidiary sound city , has a database of
over 900 , 000 customers nationwide and an expanding retail footprint
combined with a significant inventory and distribution infrastructure .
introduction of new consumer technologies is quite straightforward for us .
we recently announced an loi to acquire a key software technology . we will
release more details on that shortly along with news of other
acquisitions .
motg ' s rapid growth and success demonstrate the power of its model . motg
acquires key technologies and synergistic companies to market or utilize
the technologies . motg seeks to create growing shareholder equity
supported by stable , strong revenues and assets . motg has previously
declared both stock and cash dividends . the last cash dividend was in
march of 2004 .
about modern technology corp .
founded in 1982 , modern technology corp is a diversified technology
development and acquisition company , building revenues by strategic
acquisition and commercialization of nascent commercial technology and by
the acquisition of synergistic operating companies . motg commercializes
technology and provides to its subsidiaries new product lines , operations
infrastructure , and significant intellectual capital . the company ' s
mission is to consistently build shareholder value through accretive
acquisitions of emerging technology or acquiring operating companies
capable of benefiting from technology infrastructure enhancements or new
product lines . for more information , visit :
www . . com .
rcollard @ selectequitiescorp . net
to join market movers mailings
http : / / motgstock . com to find out more .
go
here , to be taken permanently out of our lists :
if you would like to be excluded in the future from our
mailing list ,
just
click
here and send us an opt - out request email or reply this email with subject
remove .
mqary
