Subject: proposal
dear ,
i am george williams , a consulting auditor , nedbank plc ,
johannesburg - south africa . during the course of my auditing work with my client
bank , i discovered an account worth $ 25 , 400 . 000 . 00 usd opened in the bank
in 1998 by a great late estate magnate who died without a written or oral
' will ' attached to the account with respect to his investment in habitat
real estate company south africa . [ flight af 4590 ]
it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any
of late mr . andreas schranner next of kin known to the bank , according to
the immigration data available to the bank , that the management , under the
influence of our chairman and members of the board of directors , started arrangement
for the fund to be decleared " unclaimed " and subsequentlly be donated as
trust fund for arms / ammunition to further enhance the course of war in africa
for their selfish political interest / investment .
in order to avert this negative development , i have secretly discussed this
matter with a close confidant attorney whom i must involve in order to assist
us produce legal back - up documents which would substantiate claims / position
of next of kin and also enable us have a smooth and successful transfer of
the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate . i contacted
you to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the
transfer and also stand in as distant next of kin to the deceased .
all validating and authenticating documents to enable you get this fund will
be carefully worked out . we have secured from the probate
registry , an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased
beneficiaries , and makes this business 100 % risk free and legal . the
sharing ratio after completion of transfer will be thus : 60 % for me ,
35 % for you , and 5 % to cover any expenses that may be incurred in the
course of completing the transfer .
kindly indicate your interest to enable us , with your assistance , move the
fund to the banks offshore clearing houses in europe or asia . please note
that for the purposes of confidentiality , all further
correspondence should be through my alternative email : georgew 205 @ yahoo . co . in
accept my warm regards as i await your response .
sincerely ,
mr . george williams
auditor , nedbank plc ,
johannesburg - south africa .