Subject: business proposal .
dear ; friend ,
first , i must apologize if my mode of first contact is not acceptable to
you and also solicit your confidence in this transaction ; this is by virtue
of its nature as being utterly private and top secret . though i know that a
transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried my
name is silvia litana , i am the only dauther of late mr . and mrs fred nzinga
litana who was assisinated in 2002 during a political unrest that engulfed
my country zambia recently . they where shot to dead my unknown person ( s )
who where accusing him of funding and sponsoring a factional political group
with his money . so in respect of this they came to our house and shot
everyone dead including my two younger siblings by then i was not at
home , but fortunately my father did not die instantly that day . it took him
three months later after that incident before he finally gave up the ghost .
before the death of my father , in october 28 , 2002 , in a private hospital ,
he secretly called me on is bedside and told me that it has the sum of five
million , five hundred and thousand united states ( uss 5 , 500 , 000 ) dollars he
deposited it in a finance and security company here dakar senegal . with my
name as next of kin to the fund . now , after the recent crisis that burst up
in my country i ran to senegal where my father deposited the fund and seeked
asylum , that is how i now went to stay in the united states refugee camp .
so that is where am currently staying for now . but the problem am
encoutering now is that when i went to the financial holding company to
withdraw the money . i was made to understand that with my status as a
refugee i can not be able to clear the fund , but can do so with the help of a
forieng partner . they told me that the local law hear does not permit a
refugee to operate any business atall , nor transact a fund of such
magnitude . so please dear , i am pleading , if ou can help me and stand as my
nominated next - of - kin and withdraw the fund for me ( uss 5 , 500 , 000 ) to your
account in your coutry and i will be very glad to
please once can help me with this project , i will offer 15 % percent of
themoney then after i will come over to your country to start up a new life .
and also go into any profitable business you will advise me to do . please
you can reply me with this alternate email address as it is the most
confidential for me at the moment . silvia _ litana 3 @ yahoo . com
i will be waiting to hear your favourable response .
sincerely ,
silvia litana
msn messenger : discutez en direct avec vos amis !
http : / / www . msn . fr / msger / default . asp