Subject: immediate assistance ?
from : manager of bills / exchane .
mr . paul zumali ,
johannesburg south africa .
attention : sir ,
i am mr . paul zumali , the manager of bills / exchange at the foreign remittance department of standard bank limited , south africa . i am making this contact with you based on the need for an individual / company who is willing to assist us with a solution to a money transfer .
first and foremost , i apologized using this medium to reach you for a transaction / business of this magnitude , but this is due to confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium . however , i got your e - mail address through a world - web site ( net - work on line ) in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction of this kind which involves transfer of money to a foreign account .
in unfolding this proposal , i want to count on you , as a respected and honest person to handle this transaction with sincerity , trust and confidentiality . i have decided to seek a confidential co - operation with you in the execution of this opportunity described hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it as a top secret because of the nature of this transaction .
there is an account open in this bank in early - 2000 and till 2005 nobody has operated on this account againto keep itmoving and after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently in subsequen time it would be forfeited and transferred into the ownership of south african government ’ s account as an unclaimed money because it ' s dormancy . the owner of this account is dr . smith . b . andreas , a foreigner , an oil merchant / contractor , a geologist by profession and a miner at kruger gold company ltd and he died since 2002 . upon maturity , we have sent a reminder to his forwarding address but got no reply . finally , we discovered from his contract employers that , dr . smith . b . andreas died of hear failure and septic shock during an open - heart surgical operation at carditis specialist hospital in " dusseldor " germany . on further investigations , i found out that he died without making a will and did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank , every attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless .
no other person knows this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my continued investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the money involved is thirty six million united states dollars ( us $ 36 , 000 , 000 million ) . this money is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . i want us to first transfer us $ 16 million from this money into your safe overseas account before the rest .
we are seeking your assistance as a foreigner , since as civil servants we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts . a bank account in any part of the world which you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . if you are willing to assist in this transaction your share as compensation will be ( 35 % ) , while my colleagues and i receive ( 60 % ) . the remaining ( 5 % ) for miscellaneous expenses that may be incurred by either party .
the business is completely safe and secure , provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality . and my position as the manager of bills / exchange will see this transaction true and guarantees the successful executions . your area of specialization is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction . we have reposed confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint us .
kindly notify me by sending your secured telephone , fax numbers , e - mail address and residentail addresse for further details upon your acceptance of this proposal .
waiting for your urgent reply through the below e - mail address and phone no : + 27 737 403 666 e - mail : zumaliconsult @ yahoo . com
thank you in anticipation of your co - operation .
regards ,
mr . paul zumali .
free antispam , antivirus and lgb to save all your messages
only in yahoo ! mail : http : / / in . mail . yahoo . com