Subject: platinum sto - ck report
pop 3 media corp ( popt )
a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major
media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , film , publishing
and technology companies .
current price : 0 . o 25
wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the
companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil |
acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar
distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revoiutionary new music company ,
controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of
stock and cash , when compieted , wiil provide pop 3 ' s sharehoiders with a
33 % stake in the new company .
roxxy ' s management wi | | operate the company from headquarters in los
angeies and wi | | change its corporate name to controversial entertainment
corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and
execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek shareholder
approval immediateiy thereafter .
pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this aliiance wi | | ailow pop 3 to
achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
create whiie embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers
access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . "
roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives
drawn from the major | abeis and also includes a staff of in - house
producers who are among the most infiuential taients in the music industry
today .
" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
| abeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abeis that
cast aside estabiished artists who can no longer generate muiti - miilion
seliing recordings , but who consistentiy release albums which sell
hundreds of thousands of records to a large and | oya | fan base ; artists
that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 mi | | ion per titie , "
stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .
" additionaily , the acquisition of vdg wil | provide us with the abiiity
to distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22 , oo 0 retai |
| ocation in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net
profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
artists . "
mr . shebanow concluded , " while there are smaller labels that do provide
a home for these acts , they lack either the will or financia | resources
to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have
on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great
producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . "
about pop 3 media corp :
pop 3 media corp . is engaged in deveiopment , production and distribution
of entertainment - reiated media for fiim , teievision , music and
pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently inciudes ownership of
viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures
internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and
viastar classical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk
corporation .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go popt .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doilars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , send a blank e mai | with no thanks in
the sub ject to daily _ 8 tip @ yahoo . com