Subject: featured company continues to grow
pop 3 media corp ( popt )
a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major
media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing
and technology companies .
current price : o . 025
wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the
companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wiil
acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar
distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revoiutionary new music company ,
controversial entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of
stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s sharehoiders with a
33 % stake in the new company .
roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los
angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment
corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and
execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider
approval immediateiy thereafter .
pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this aliiance will ailow pop 3 to
achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music
industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they
create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers
access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . "
roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives
drawn from the major labels and aiso includes a staff of in - house
producers who are among the most infiuentia | talents in the music industry
today .
" it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major
labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abeis that
cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miliion
selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease aibums which seil
hundreds of thousands of records to a large and | oyal fan base ; artists
that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miliion per titie , "
stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo .
" additionally , the acquisition of vdg wil | provide us with the abiiity
to distribute our own product directiy to retail to over 22 , ooo retai |
| ocation in north america , effectiveiy doubling the company ' s net
profit margins and aliowing the increased revenue to pass on to our
artists . "
mr . shebanow concluded , " whiie there are sma | | er | abeis that do provide
a home for these acts , they lack either the wil | or financia | resources
to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have
on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great
producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the
customer that controversial entertainment wil | possess . "
about pop 3 media corp :
pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution
of entertainment - related media for film , television , music and
publishing interests . the company ' s portfolio currently includes ownership of
viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures
international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and
viastar ciassica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk
corporation .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go popt .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie
for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , send a biank e mai | with no thanks in
the sub ject to daily _ 6 tip @ yahoo . com