Subject: stox in play
in june ' s issue we are going to profile a st . oc . k that is very much undervalued and has just started trading . ground floor opportunity for everybody .
this small treasure is : nhvp . pk - northeast development corp .
the st . oc . k is trading at only 35 - 40 cents and we expect it could hit $ 1 . 20 by mid july .
huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 1 range
st . oc . k symbol : nhvp . pk
current price : $ 0 . 35
we expect the price to go to $ 1 in next 2 - 3 days
we expect the price to go to $ 1 . 2 in next 2 weeks .
there are some very positive news expected next week so act before that : )
about the company :
northeast development corporation ( nsc ) is a real estate construction , development , acquisition and management company focused in the northeastern united states .
it currently does business around hartford ct . its ’ primary objective is to build long - term shareholder value in secondary and tertiary markets that are in exurban growth paths .
northeast development corporation ( the " company " , unless the context indicates otherwise ) is engaged in the construction business .
the company was incorporated in 2004 as a successor to businesses , which had been engaged in providing construction services since 2003 formerly through an operating subsidiary of rescon technology , inc .
the company currently provides general contracting , construction management and design - build services to private clients and public agencies throughout the northeast united states .
it has a limited operating history , but strong developmental ties into its ’ target geographic markets . to date , it has primarily completed civil works projects in the northeast us .
the company ' s construction business will involve two basic segments or operations : building and commercial development ; and civil works projects .
st . oc . k symbol : nhvp . pk
current price : $ 0 . 35
we expect the price to go to $ 1 in next 2 - 3 days
we expect the price to go to $ 1 . 2 in next 2 weeks .
readitbeforeyou proceed
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 .
any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . "
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , "
or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , st . oc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in st . oc . ks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say .
look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of nhvp . pk shares prior to the publication of this report .
be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares .
shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company .
since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions .
readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein .
this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer .
this newsletter was paid $ 51500 from third party ( mayaconsulthing ) to send this report .
all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such .
we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 .
these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms .