Subject: your paypal billing information records are out of date . please update them immediately to restore your account .
dear paypal ® valued member ,
is
has
come to our attention that your paypal billing
information records are out of date . that requires you to update the
billing
information .
failure to update your records will result in account termination .
please update your records in maximum 72 hours .
once you have updated them , your
paypal session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal .
failure to
update them will result in cancellation of service , terms of service
( tos )
violations or future billing problems . please follow the link below and
update
your account information :
thank you for using paypal ! the paypal
team
your monthly account statement is available anytime ; just
log in
into your account at
https : / / www . paypal . com / us / history . to correct any errors , please
contact us
through our help center at
https : / / www . paypal . com / us / help .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for international payments
only : commissions and fees incurred by sender :
$ 0 . 00
rate of exchange : if and when the receipt
chooses to withdraw
these funds from the paypal system , and if the withdrawal involves a
currency
conversion , the recipient will convert the funds at the aplicable
currency
exchange rate at the time of the withdrawal , and the recipient may incur
a
transaction fee .
right to refund you , the customer ,
are entitled to a refund of
the money to be transmitted as a result of this agreement if paypal does
not
forward the money received from you in 10 days of the date of its
receipt , or
does not give instructions commiting an equivalent amount of money to
the person
designated by you within 10 days of the date of the receipt of the funds
from
you unless otherwise instructed by you .
if you want a refund , you must mail or deliver your
written
request to paypal at p . o . box 45950 , omaha , ne 68145 - 0950 . if you do not
receive
your refund , you may be entitled to your money back plus penalty of up
to
$ 1 . 000 , 00 usd and attorney ' s fee pursuant to section 1810 . 5 of the
california
financial
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - please do not reply to this email . this mailbox is
not monitored
and you will not receive a response . for assistance ,
log in to
your paypal account and choose the help link located in the top right
corner of
any paypal page .
to receive email notifications in
plain text instead of html ,
update your preferences here .
paypal email id ppl 20
