Subject: business transaction
from : francis kabul
republic of south africa
email : ( franciskabul _ 001 @ yahoo . com )
dear partner ,
i guess this letter might come to you as a surprise since i ? ve had no previous correspondence with you , but with due respect i got your contact from my country ' s chamber of commerce in my search for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to assist me in handling a very confidential business transaction involving the transfer of us 75 million dollars only .
i want to transfer these funds to overseas ( 75 . 000 , 000 . 00 usd ) seventy five million united states dollars ) . for our sharing and investment purposes in your country .
the above fund is not connected with arms , drugs or money laundering ; neither is it related to any terrorist sponsor of any sort .
i am francis kabul , an accountant and bank manager , the executive and members of board of directors have approved and accredited this reputed bank with the office of the director , international remittance / foreign operation , to handle and transfer all foreign inheritance funds this final quota of the year .
i have my client who was involved and died in a plane crash with his wife and children in the air france concord plane crash bound for new york in their plan for a world cruise . though i have tried to contact any of the relatives their no traceable next of kin , hence due to the dormant nature of his account it is imperative that i remit this money out urgently , if not the account will be confiscated and re - channeled into the bank ' s reserve .
all i need from you is to stand as the next of kin to my late client which i will present you and provide either an existing bank account or set up a new bank account online with this bank immediately to receive this fund or you help to seek an honest and reliable businessman who can assist us .
i suggest we start the first transfer with thirty five million dollars [ 35 , 000 . 000 usd ] and upon the successful transfer of the first 35 million dollars without hitches or disappointment from you , we shall re - apply for the remittance of the balance of the fund to your nominated account . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved for a local account here and i am not supposed to be in possession of such amount of dollars , but the fund can only be approved to any foreigner whom i present as the beneficiary .
i will use my position in the bank to do all the underground work and hasten the approval and release of the funds in your favour . i will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you confirm the fund is in your account and ask me to come over to your country for subsequent sharing of the fund according by percentages . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction will be 100 % risk free and will only take us 14 banking days to finalize because as a banker , i know the banking procedures , so do not border or entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangement have been made to suit the both parties involved and to achieve success .
i suggest we meet face to face to get acquainted , as the fund in question is a large one before we commence with the transfer . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine , as i will use my office to see that the transaction is hitch free and i will destroy all documents relating to the transaction once we conclude the transaction . please , you have been advised to keep this transaction " top secret " as i am still in service and intend to retire from service after we conclude this deal .
further details about this transaction will be discussed in the subsequent correspondence .
i look forward to your earliest reply through my personal email : ( franciskabul _ 001 @ yahoo . com )
best regards ,
dr . francis kabul