Subject: urgent call
from mr . silas sankoh
ecobank benin
rue du gouverneur bayol cotonou
swift : ecocbjj
telex : 539 ecobnk
phone # + 229 - 485683
atten :
re : for the urgent transfer of ( usd $ 10 . 520 million )
in order to transfer out ( usd $ 10 . 520 ) ten million five hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) from ecobank benin .
i have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business believing that you will never let me down either now or in future .
i am silas sankoh , the accountant of ecobank benin . there is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . destin pal , a foreigner , and a miner at d & d investment co . , a geologist by profession and he died since 1990 . no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that this company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is ( usd $ 10 . 520 ) ten million five hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) .
i want to transfer the ( usd $ 10 . 520 ) ten million five hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) a safe foreigners account abroad , but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local bank here , but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the account is mr . destin pal is a foreigner too . i know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we don ? know our selves before , but be sure that it is real and a genuine business and note you are the only person that i have contacted in this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take urgently . send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face or sign a binding agreement to bind us together so that you can receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . i will fly to your country for withdrawal and sharing and other investments . i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you later immediately , if you are able and with capability to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit because this opportunity will never come again in my life . i need truthful person in this business because i don ' t want to make mistake i need your strong assurance and trust . with my position now in the office i can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for sharing . and i want to remaind you that your share has been carculated at 35 % of the total sum . i waiting for your urgent reply so that i will give you more information about this transaction .
regards .
mr . silas sankoh .
call me for more info . + 229 - 485683
urgent call