Subject: reply to your inquiry
hjl
how to turn
$ 4 . 50 into $ 15 , 000 in 30 days with
paypal
-
after you signup and pay the $ 4 . 50 you will receive an e - book
of $ 39 value to continue to sell to people under you in this
program ( we will show you how
to deliver the e - books automatically after you receive each
payment without lifting a finger ) .
you can only get this e - book
at $ 4 . 50 in this program .
-
by
charles davis
- charles has over 6 years experience in business opportunity
programs and knows what has worked well in the past .
i was shocked when i saw how much
money came flooding into my paypal account -
kevin philips -
chicago , illinois .
note :
this is no pyramid scheme ,
you will receive a valuable book to sell with ease online as
part of this wonderful program !
i
turned $ 4 . 50 into $ 14 , 706 within the first 30 days of operating the
business plan that i am about to reveal to you free of charge . if
you decide to take action on the following instructions , i will
personally guarantee that you will enjoy a similar return !
worldwide participation ! - you can participate if paypal is
in your country
-
here is a list of all paypal countries
to get started copy the whole document and insert your email in the
right place below .
this is a very profitable business .
so , just make a nice cup
of tea and get started on it now . after all , you can ' t
lose , but you stand to gain more in the next few weeks than many
people earn in a year !
my name is charles davis . i was made
redundant from my job in june of 2003 ,
along with several other employees at the printing firm where i
worked . at that time i was living beyond my means and in serious
debt . several debt collectors were hounding me on an almost daily
basis , and this consequently started a chain reaction that ended
with the repossession of my car and then my home . as you can
probably imagine , my prospects looked pretty bleak .
then , in march
of 2004 , i received a short and simple
email telling me how to make over $ 15 , 000
at a time . i ignored it because of course , i was skeptical . however ,
i didn ' t delete that email because something about it rang true to
me , and i was desperate to know whether it was possible to make that
amount of money in such a short space of time . i finally realized
that i had absolutely nothing to lose by having a go at the plan
offered to me in that email . and apart from that , i just couldn ’ t
stop myself from thinking “ what if it actually works ? ”
therefore , i put my doubts to one side and i went ahead and followed
the simple instructions given in that email . it took me less than 30
minutes to complete and it cost me no more than $ 4 . 50
. and yet , by the end of 2004 ,
i was able to book the family holiday of a lifetime in miami , and i
bought a brand new audi a 8 with hard cash . and in the autumn of 2004 ,
i purchased a tidy semi - detached home for no less than $ 125 , 000 . and
yet , i don ’ t owe a single penny to anyone !
to date , i have made exactly $ 392 , 718 . my
accountant has drawn up a cash - flow forecast in which he
predicts that , within the next 24 months , i will become a
millionaire just through this one business alone . even now as i
write this , i find it strange to come to terms with the fact that ,
like most people , i ’ ve worked hard and struggled all my life just
to ‘ get by ’ and then something ridiculously simple drops into my
lap and immediately turns my life around completely . when i think
back to all the similar emails i had previously deleted , it makes me
shudder , because now i know just how close i came to missing out
completely .
what did it say in that email ? well , if you ' ll read on , all will be
revealed !
this is the cheapest , fastest and easiest way
to make serious money online - period !
the business
plan i am about to share with you works perfectly every single time .
i ’ ve never made less than $ 15 , 000 from it on each occasion . let
me assure you that this is a legitimate business opportunity ,
a perfectly legal moneymaking enterprise . it
does not require you to sell anything , or speak to your friends ,
family or anybody else ( unless you want to ) . in fact , you do not
need to come into contact with any people whatsoever . anyone with a
pulse can make their fortune with this system . if you believe that
‘ every dog has his day ’ , then follow the simple step - by - step plan
exactly as it is set out below . if you do this and this alone , i
guarantee that within the next 30 days you will
see a lot of $ 1000 s coming in and by the 2 nd or 3 rd month you
will receive over $ 15 , 000 in cash per month
via your paypal account . i
know this must sound like an outrageous claim , particularly if
you ' ve never had possession of this sort of money before , but
believe me , this business works like nothing else you may have seen
before in your life ! please do not allow your initial skepticism to
deprive you of certain financial success .
i am so certain that you will make a serious income with what i ' m
going to tell you that i ' m willing to roll up my sleeves and help
you begin - now ! !
you will not be asked to buy anything or
sacrifice your free time . you will make some fast and easy cash ,
using just a copy of this page and the simplest and most popular
internet payment system in existence !
this program works no matter what
country you are in or what currency you use . you won ' t need to run a
website , or make phone calls , or make photocopies , or send out
letters through the mail , or pay for advertising , etc .
the only things you will need are :
an email address
a paypal account with at least $ 4 . 50 deposited in it
30 minutes of your time
this program
takes just 30 minutes to set up . after that , there is absolutely no
work whatsoever to do on your part . and yet , you will stand to gain
many thousands of pounds within the next few weeks from those 30
minutes of easy work ! yes , i know , it sounds too good to be true ! i
thought exactly the same thing myself until i actually tried it out !
note : if you want to
send out more than 40 emails to increase your profits
( recommended ) .
please make sure to send out the first 40 emails 1 by 1 , by hand to
increase delivery success . this guarantees delivery of at least 40
emails - you can increase you speed by clicking the back button
on your browser after each send and enter a new email address and
send again . .
need proof ? here are just 3 testimonials from the
countless individuals who decided to invest nothing more than $ 4 . 50
and half an hour of their time to participate in this program :
what
an amazing plan ! i followed your instructions just 3 weeks
ago , and although i haven ' t made 10 grand yet , i ' m already up
to $ 9 , 135 . i ' m absolutely gob
smacked .
tom greer - orange ,
new jersey
this
is lisa . well , what can i say ? . . . thank you so much ! i sent 40
e - mail ' s out like you said and then i just forgot about the
whole thing . to be honest , i didn ' t really think anything
would come of it . but when i checked my paypal account a week
later , there was over $ 3 , 000 in it ! after 30 days i now have
over $ 13 , 000 to spend ! i can ' t thank
you enough !
josh
winters - boston , massachusetts
i
was
shocked
when i saw how much money came flooding into my paypal
account .
within 3 weeks my account balance has ballooned to $ 12 , 449 .
at
first i thought there had been some sort of error with my
account !
kevin philips -
chicago , illinois .
just a few
months ago , each of these people were doing the same thing as you
are at this very moment - reading this ! but because they decided to
follow the simple instructions given below , they are now
considerably better off as a result . and there ' s no reason
whatsoever why you can ' t share in this success . you ' ve got nothing
to lose , and everything to gain !
let ' s get started , just follow the instructions exactly as set out
below and then prepare yourself for a huge influx of cash over the
next 30 days !
here ' s what you need to do . . .
step 1 - sign up for a free paypal account
if you ' re not already a paypal user , the very first thing you
need to do is click on the paypal link below and sign up . it
takes just 2 minutes !
here ' s the link :
be sure to use this link so you can sign up for a free business
account . you ' ll need to have a business account ( and not a
personal account ) otherwise you won ' t be able to receive credit
card payments from other people .
step 2 - send a $ 4 . 50
payment to the email address at number 1 in the list
to get the book
once you have your paypal ® account , the first thing you need to
do is send a $ 4 . 50
payment from your paypal ® account to the first email address in
the list below , along with a note in the “ subject ” and “ note ”
columns stating please send me the
lucrative home business with best
marketing tips ebook ( see an example below
of one of my transactions ) . be certain to add this note ,
because this is the book you will sell to
people who will send you payments
sample :
amount : $ 4 . 50
us
subject : please send me the lucrative
home business with best marketing tips ebook
type : service
note : please send
me the lucrative home business with best marketing tips
ebook
when making the payment in paypal ,
select “ service ” from the dropdown menu marked “ type ” . the
instructions on how to send a payment are under send money
after you ’ ve logged into the paypal account .
- it ’ s very easy .
here ' s the current list :
note the spaces
before the @ sign . add your email in the same manner . please
clear this space only when you want to send payment or when you
want to send email to any of the 5 members - its to protect
you and members from unwanted automated email responses .
1 .
cantabraxil
@ yahoo . com
2 .
emgclyde 3 @ yahoo . com
3 . mark 5 _ 24
@ yahoo . com
4 .
phonedsa 24
@ yahoo . com
5 . phil @ serverlon . com
as soon as
you transfer a $ 4 . 50 payment to the email address at the top of
the list , something very eerie happens . it gives you an
indescribable , overwhelming sense of certainty ,
and belief in the system . you ’ ve just
proved to yourself that , because you have done it , there must be
a great number of other people ready to do exactly the same .
thus you have now seen for yourself , first hand , that this
business actually works !
step 3
- create and send your message
now you need to copy all the text on
this page , as you ' ll be e - mailing it out to at least 40 people .
the copy that you will send out will contain your email address
at number 5 in the list in step 2 ( you should
use the extra email address with autoresponder that you
created in step 4 ) . to do this , you need to remove the
email address at number 1 and move the other four addresses up a
position to accommodate yours at number 5 .
now all you need to do is enter the email address of each person
you want to send your message to , and then click on the send
button . you should send out a minimum of 40 copies of the
email ( at least 40 emails sent 1 by 1 by
hand to ensure delivery ) - but
to people you know , or to people who respond
business opportunity and mlm offers ,
or to people who ' ve sent you offers . this is not considered spam .
note : if you want to send out more than
40 emails to increase your profits
( recommended ) .
please make sure to send out the first 40 emails 1 by 1 , by hand
to increase delivery . this guarantees delivery of at least 40
emails - you can increase you speed by clicking the back
button on your browser after each send and enter a new email
address and send again . .
if you prefer to use your own email program to
send your message , right - click on this page
and choose select all .
then right - click again and choose copy . then go to your email
program and then paste the text into a new email message .
step 4
-
to be able to deliver the ebook
automatically
to the numerous payments you receive .
to enjoy the ease of
this business you can setup automatic delivery of this ebook
after a payment is made to you . so for example if you receive
300 payments overnight , your
autoresponder
will send automatic emails to all of them to download the e - book
even before you wake up . .
you will need to setup an autoresponder - -
instructions are below .
1 . go to www . yahoo . com or www . yahoo . fr , www . yahoo . de or the
yahoo for your country .
you can also setup non yahoo autoresponders . if you know
how and wish to do that then skip to # 6 .
2 . signup for a new yahoo mail account by clicking on signup
for new account - its free
3 . after you complete the signup , go into your new account and
click on mail options on the top right .
4 then click on the vacation response link near the bottom .
5 . select a period of 6 months for the vacation response
6 . below in the
generic response
text area . copy and paste the text from the
autoresponder email that you received after you made your
payment .
- that way all
the hundreds of people that will pay you will get auto delivery
like you just did .
7 . below that click on a
button that says turn autoresponder on and you are done
with the autoresponder setup .
8 now that you are done . paypal allows you to add up to 8 email
addresses in your paypal account . so add this
yahoo email address to your paypal account
by going into your paypal account and
clicking on add email
9 . after you add the yahoo email address to paypal and and
confirm it . use this email address for this program ( that is ,
add it to position number 5 of this letter
and remove the email address on position 1 . that way all
payments you receive will go to that address and the auto
responder will respond back with the link to download the ebook
automatically .
10 . so again , thisyahoo email is the email
address that you will add in number 5 for this letter .
you are
all set to go - - good luck
! ! !
that ' s all there is to it ! the
whole process should take you no more than 30 minutes to complete .
be prepared to get excited . . . . you won ' t be disappointed ! ! ! half an
hour of easy work is all that ' s needed - no phone calls , no capital
outlay , no postage stamps , no printing , copying or waiting , and the
concept is 100 % legal .
by sending
this letter and the payment via email , the response time is
extremely fast .
within 30 days , over $ 15 , 000 cash will
pass through your paypal account . and that ’ s guaranteed . keep a copy
of your email safe so that you can use it again whenever you need
more cash !
here ' s how it
works :
because of the virtually zero investment , speed , and high profit
potential , this program has a very high response rate ! as long as
you send your emails to people who are likely to be interested in
this program , you can expect a response from about 25 % of the people
you send to . but let ' s be extremely conservative here and assume
that you get only a 12 . 5 % response :
you send
out your email to 40 different people . you can expect at
least 5 of those people to do exactly what you did ( 12 . 5 % of
40 = 5 ) . by this time , your email address will have moved up
to number 4 in the list , and this list will now have
reached around 200 people ( 5 x 40 ) .
out of those 200 people , you can expect at least 25 of them
to respond ( 12 . 5 % of 200 ) , so that ' s a further 1 , 000 emails
( 25 x 40 ) being sent out with you now at the number 3
position .
out of those 1 , 000 people , you can expect at least 125 of
them to respond ( 12 . 5 % of 1 , 000 ) , so that ' s a further 5 , 000
emails ( 125 x 40 ) being sent out with you now at the
number 2 position .
out of those 5 , 000 people , you can expect at least 625 of
them to respond ( 12 . 5 % of 5 , 000 ) , so that ' s 25 , 000 emails
( 625 x 40 ) being sent out with you at the number 1
spot !
out of those 25 , 000 people , you can expect around 3 , 125 of
them to respond
( 12 . 5 % of 25 , 000 ) . since you will now
be at number 1
in the list , you will receive : $ 14 , 062
( 3 , 125 x $ 4 . 50 )
.
over the course of 30 days , this money will be sent to you by a few
thousand people just like yourself - who are willing to invest half
an hour to receive around $ 15 , 000 in cash ! this is real money that
you can spend on anything you wish ! just deposit it to your own bank
account or spend it directly from your paypal account ! ! ! it really
is that easy !
but there ' s more ! ! ! for each person who signs up with paypal as a
result of using your unique referral url , you will automatically
receive a referral bonus of up to $ 75 from paypal !
remember , the 12 . 5 % example above is assuming that 35 out of the 40
people you send your email to will do absolutely nothing except
delete your email . additionally , the above example assumes that each
participant will only send out 40 emails . imagine what would happen
if each participant sent out 1 , 000 emails instead of just 40 !
believe me , many people will do this and much more !
only the first person on the list gets your $ 4 . 50
payment , but everyone in the list will rise to that number 1
position as thousands of emails are being sent out . no cheating can
occur ( don ' t be fooled by claims that this system can be cheated ) as
paypal only allows one account per person . because it is so
ridiculously easy , the response rate is very high and very fast -
you will start seeing dramatic results in less than one week ! just
in time for next month ' s bills !
unlimited income potential !
this program is structured for everyone to send only 40 emails each
to start . however , you are certainly not limited to 40 . send out as
many emails as you want . every 40 emails you send has a return of at
least $ 15 , 000 within 30 days . so , if you
can email 50 , or 100 , or whatever , go for it ! the more you put into
it . . . . the more you get out !
a word of warning ! don ' t be tempted to add your email address to
position 1 in order to earn money fast ! it doesn ' t work like that !
if you do that , you ' ll only reach the people you directly send
emails to , and then your address will be immediately removed from
the number 1 place and you won ' t reach thousands of people ! but , if
you add your name to the number 5 position , there will be literally
tens of thousands of people receiving and sending emails later -
when your name is at the number 1 spot ! ! ! so please , play by the
rules and the serious money will come to you ! this program doesn ' t
cost anything but $ 4 . 50 and about half an hour of your time , and if
everyone plays fair , everyone wins ! !
so there it is . you now have the knowledge that will enable you to
make over $ 15 , 000 within the next few
weeks . the only thing that can hold you back now is a lack of faith
or a lack of self - belief . however , any doubts you may currently have
will disappear within a few days of putting this plan into practice .
trust me on this ! you certainly won ' t regret it .
thank you , and good luck in your ventures
best regards
chuck a e davis
p . s .
to get started copy the whole document and
insert your info in the right place . this is a very profitable
business . so , just make a nice cup of tea and get
started on it now . after all , you can ' t lose , but you stand to
gain more in the next few weeks than many people earn in a year !
to stop receiving this offer ,
reply this email accordingly but this is a one time send
77255
