Subject: call for papers : the international joint conferences on computer ,
information and systems sciences and engineering cisse 05
if you received this email in error , please forward it to the appropriate department at your institution
please do not reply to this message , your reply will not be received . if you need to contact us , please email us at info @ cisse 2005 . org
* international joint conferences on computer , information , *
* and systems sciences , and engineering ( cisse 05 ) *
* *
* *
* http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org *
* *
* *
* *
december 10 - 20 , 2005
sponsored by :
institute of electrical & electronics engineers ( ieee )
university of bridgeport
conference overview
cisse 05 provides a virtual forum for presentation and discussion of the
state - of the - art research on computers , information and systems sciences and
engineering . the virtual conference will be conducted through the internet
using web - conferencing tools , made available by the conference .
authors will be presenting their powerpoint , audio or video presentations
using web - conferencing tools without the need for travel . conference
sessions will be broadcast to all the conference participants , where session
participants can interact with the presenter during the presentation and
( or ) during the q & a slot that follows the presentation .
this international conference will be held entirely on - line . the accepted and
presented papers will be made available after the conference both on a cd and
as a book publication .
conference participants - authors , presenters and attendees - only need an
internet connection and sound available on their computers in order to be
able to contribute and participate in this international ground - breaking
conference .
the on - line structure of this high - quality event will allow academic
professionals and industry participants to contribute work and attend
world - class technical presentations based on rigorously refereed
submissions , live , without the need for investing significant travel funds
or time out of the office .
potential non - author conference attendees who cannot make the on - line
conference dates are encouraged to register , as the entire joint conferences
will be archived for future viewing .
please feel free to download the call for papers at :
http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / cfpcisseo 5 . doc ( microsoft word format ) or
http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / cfpcisseo 5 . pdf ( adobe pdf format )
cisse 05 is composed of the following four conferences :
* international conference on industrial electronics , technology
& automation ( ieta 05 )
topics : advanced and distributed control systems , intelligent control
systems ( nn , fl , ga , . etc ) , expert systems , man machine interaction , data
fusion , factory automation , robotics , motion control , machine vision , mems
sensors and actuators , sensors fusion , power electronics , high frequency
converters , motors and drives , power converters , power devices and
components , electric vehicles and intelligent transportation , process
automation , factory communication , manufacturing information system advances
in manufacturing systems , industrial applications of multi media ,
intelligent systems instrumentation , industrial instrumentation , modeling
and simulation , signal processing , image and data processing , vr and
parallel systems .
conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / ieta . aspx
* international conference on telecommunications and networking ( teneo 5 )
topics : optical networks and switching , computer networks , network
architectures and equipment , access technologies , telecommunication
technology , coding and modulation technique , modeling and simulation , spread
spectrum and cdma systems , ofdm technology , space - time coding , ultra
wideband communications , medium access control , spread spectrum , wireless
lan : ieee 802 . 11 , hiperlan , bluetooth , cellular wireless networks , cordless
systems and wireless local loop , mobile network layer , mobile transport
layer , support for mobility , conventional encryption and message
confidentiality , block ciphers design principles , block ciphers modes of
operation , public - key cryptography and message authentication ,
authentication application , stenography , electronic mail security , web
security , ip security , firewalls , computer forensics .
conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / tene . aspx
* international conference on systems , computing sciences and software
engineering ( scss 05 )
topics : grid computing , internet - based computing models , resource discovery ,
programming models and tools , e - science and virtual instrumentation ,
biometric authentication , computers for people of special needs , human
computer interaction , information and knowledge engineering , algorithms ,
parallel and distributed processing , modeling and simulation , services and
applications , embedded systems and applications , databases , programming
languages , signal processing theory and methods , signal processing for
communication , signal processing architectures and implementation ,
information processing , geographical information systems ,
object based software engineering , parallel and distributed computing , real
time systems multiprocessing , file systems and i / o , kernel and os structures .
conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / scss . aspx
* international conference on engineering education , instructional
technology , assessment , and e - learning ( eiae 05 )
topics : instructional design , accreditation , curriculum design , educational
tools , 2 - 2 - 2 platforms , teaching capstone design , teaching design at the
lower levels , design and development of e - learning tools , assessment methods
in engineering , development and implementation of e - learning tools ,
economical and social impacts of e - learning , platforms and systems for
k - 12 / industry and higher education cooperation .
conference page : http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / eiae . aspx
paper submission
prospective authors are invited to submit full papers electronically in
microsoft word or pdf format through the website of each conference at
http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org . accepted papers must be presented in the virtual
conference by one of the authors .
to submit your paper , visit http : / / www . cisse 2005 . org / author / submit . aspx or
visit the individual conference pages .
important dates
paper submission : september 30 , 2005
notification of acceptance : october 28 , 2005
final manuscript and registration : november 18 , 2005
cisse 2005 66 glenbrook rd stamford , ct 06902 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .