Subject: seeking for financial investment information
johannesburg 21
gauteg province
rep . of south africa
email : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org
atten :
seeking for financial investment information
zimbabwe formerly rhodesia under the colonial rule
gained independence in 1981 under the nationalist
struggle for independence led by mr . robert mugabe and
late joshua nkomo . under the white rule and since
independence the minority whites that owned most of
the farmlands in zimbabwe have dominated agriculture .
the aborigines believe that they are still slaves in
their own land if they continue to work the lands for
their whites masters even after independence . robert
mugabe as the black moses who led his people to
freedom has vowed to revoke ownership of the white
owned farms and redistribute the lands to the landless
blacks . this move he said is necessary to redress the
imbalance of the colonial era . for the struggle for
freedom , to affect this initiative the government has
amended its land acquisition laws and policies last
few months , which gave about 3000 white zimbabwean
farmers a 45 - day quit notice to leave their lands to
the government .
my family and i are caught up in this web of land
politics , which also led to the death of our father .
we have seen reforms after reforms by the government
of mugabe and we are fed up with it . our economy is in
shambles and it is just not profitable and safe enough
for us to remain in zimbabwe . we have decided to
relocate our farm to swaziland , a neighbouring
country , where we have acquired lands . our capital
base is in south africa where we are temporarily
living pending such time logistics would be ready for
full - scale operation in swaziland . bearing in mind
that mr . thabo mbeki ( south african president ) and his
government are playing russian roulette over the
zimbabwean land crisis , every effort has begun in
earnest to move our capital base to a stable country
where it can be safer .
with a capital base of us $ 25 . 5 million , there is a
great deal of secrecy involved to avoid the piercing
eyes and smelling noses of both the governments of
zimbabwe and south africa . we are therefore contacting
you so you can use a magnificent business technique to
transfer this financial treasure out of south africa .
this money is presently deposited confidentially with
a security company here in south africa . we mapped out
25 % of the gross sum as due commission for your
expected honest assistance in executing the successful
transfer of this money out of south africa , for our
family investments .
please , call us or email us immediately if you are
interested , so we can discuss further while we hold
this correspondence in the strictest confidence .
thanks and god bless you .
yours truly ,
evan smith
rejoyce
too much spam in your inbox ? yahoo ! mail gives you the best spam protection for free ! http : / / in . mail . yahoo . com