Subject: ctfg trends upward as company begins rollout of acquisition strategy
otc quickstats
june 29 , 2005
at a glance
ticker symbol : ctfg
sector : title insurance
industry : financial services
current price : $ 0 . 39
shares outstanding : 45 , 457 , 200
approx . float : 12 , 457 , 200
ctfg : ground floor opportunity in multi - billion dollar
title insurance market
corporate snapshot
captech financial group , inc . , is a florida corporation headquartered in lighthouse pt . , florida that trades under the symbol ( otcbb : ctfg ) .
captech financial group , inc . , via its new acquisition of national security title agencies , llc . , ( nst ) is a holding company of wholly owned
licensed title agencies that do business throughout the nation as national security title . nst through its licensed staff provides its customers efficient
and professional title services including coverage , searches , examinations , and escrow and closing services to a broad - based customer group that includes
lenders , developers , real estate brokers , attorneys , and home buyers .
recent news ! ! ! !
lighthouse point , fla . , june 28 ( prnewswire - firstcall ) - - captech financial group , inc .
( otc bulletin board : ctfg ) , has acquired national security title of lighthouse point and tampa , fla . ,
respectively . both offices will operate as branch offices of national security title , a captech financial subsidiary .
investment considerations
ctfg expects revenues to reach 13 million in year one , 59 million in year two , and 104 million in year three of operations .
ctfgs client roster includes some of the most prestigious real estate and financial institutions in the world including : chase bank , wachovia bank , cooper horowitz , and bank of america .
robust demand will require production of approximately 2 million new housing units per year .
the home ownership rate will exceed 70 % by the year 2013 .
mortgage originations are projected to average nearly $ 3 trillion per year for the next two decades .
ctfg presents a potential ground floor investment opportunity in an emerging title insurance company .
visit the ctfg websites at :
www . . com
this email is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . all assembled information within is subject to change without notice . the assembled information within this email is based on public information supplied by the company or from other sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . information in this email may contain forward looking statements as defined under section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . an example of forward - looking information are statements relating to the future capital expenditures , future funding sources , anticipated sales growth , and potential contracts . these and similar forward statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties outside our local control that could cause actual operations or results to differ materially from those anticipated . power house promotions accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . this assembled information is for informative purposes and is not intended to be used as the sole source of information on a company . always do your own due diligence and consult a financial advisor . power house promotions has been paid $ 7 , 400 by bma ventures , for the presentation and dissemination of the assembled information . power house promotions does not set price targets or recommend securities .
power house promotions 1846 e . rosemeade pkwy , # 104 dallas , tx 75007 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
