Subject: order driving records online ! !
. text { font - family : verdana ; font - size : 11 px ; }
driving records
attention
employer
get
powerful driving record history on all your
employees ! !
fast
easy - sign up and place order in 60
seconds
only
$ 25 ( visa , mastercard , amex , discover )
reports can be mailed , e - mailed or faxed same
hour * !
we
will beat any current vendor pricing guaranteed
or its free * !
major volume discounts available … call ( 800 ) 978 - 8950 and ask to speak
with a
wholesale mvr rep to get you set up .
order your reports now through our user - friendly secure website .
visit :
www . accuratesource . com
. . . bringing
you
accurate ,
precise information
that is on
time !
at a price
no one can match !
offer applies only to corporate or business
customers . individual consumers
cannot have access to these reports . reports will be used for
employment screening or granted permissible purposes .
* promotional ( 1 ) free driving record will be provided to eligible
customers that must provide proof of invoice
of their current monthly usage charges . * reports will be returned as
soon as a signed and dated release of information
form is received in our office no later than 1 : 00 pm ( pst ) any business
day mon - fri ( excluding holidays ) usually
within the hour for same day states only , check delivery times posted
on website for delayed states . user of these
reports will solely be held liable for any un - authorized access . user
will further release company and any of our
suppliers , their parent , sister and affiliate entities and hold
harmless and indemnify any liability arising from
any access and found in violation of the law . some states are not
available .
unsubscribe instructions :
accuratesource . com inc . respects your privacy . if you would like to
stop receiving our ads , send an email to unsubscribe @ courtsrus . com
with the subject heading unsubscribe . this is an automated
process and must be performed from the email
account that is receiving the unwanted email .
copyright 2005 accuratesource . com inc . all rights
reserved .
