Subject: 4 for 1 forward stock split - ends monday
have a look at this info i just received for hllf
halal financial services hllf
halal financial services is the first web portal in the united kingdom solely devoted to halal financing methods for muslims and non - muslims globally
the british bankers association estimates that the market for islamic mortgages in the uk stands at around $ 9 . 2 billion
first name
last name
phone
recent news ! 4 for 1 forward stock split ends monday !
effective tuesday june 28 , 2005 . 4 for 1 forward split ! all shares purchased up until close of business on monday june 27 , 2005 will receive the additional shares . get your shares now monday is the last day !
halal financial services
delaware , june 16 , 2005 - - halal financial services ( hllf . pk ) a delaware corporation is pleased to announce the approval by the board of directors of a 4 for 1 forward split of their common shares . this forward split was approved on june 16 th , 2005 by the board . these new shares will be distributed to all shareholders of record as of close of business june 22 nd , 2005 . shareholders of record will receive 3 additional shares of common stock for every 1 share of common stock beneficially owned . on monday june 27 , 2005 halal will be trading under the same symbol and same cusip number .
hello investors ! have a serious look at halal financial services symbol hllf , an online halal financial intermediary ifa ' independent financial advisors , whose primary service is to assist the customers to find and select available halal mortgage options that meet their personal needs inline with their beliefs via their portal , halalmortgages . com .
halal financial services include providing the customers with the necessary information on the available halal mortgage products , identifying the product which best suits the customer ' s criteria and to assist them with the application process . halalmortgages . com has been running successfully for the past 3 years and has already become the leading intermediary ifa in theuk providing halal mortgages .
initially it is forecasted that halalmortgages . com division alone will service in the region of three thousand halal mortgage cases per year generating an average collective mortgage book value of $ 546 million .
our services
being the first website in the united kingdom solely dedicated to halal mortgages , we provide convenient online services and e - finance solutions . our site is easy to use enabling you to gain advantageous knowledge in a quick and convenient manner twenty - four hours a day , seven days a week . our state - of - the - art technology solutions ensure easy accessibility of up - to - date information .
our full - service specialized agents can be contacted through online enquiry , email or by telephone . they are experienced in the islamic finance industry and are kept up to date on the latest terms available for halal mortgages and they are just a phone call or a keystroke away !
halal financial services ( hllf . pk ) a delaware corporation is the world ' s first islamic web portal solely devoted to halal financing methods for muslims and non muslims globally .
massive growth potential
2 million muslims , in the uk
assume halal gets 20 , 000 of them as clients ( 1 % ) then halal has a book value of over $ 1 billion in loans
more importantly a value of $ 219 million on just 20 k customers .
which equates to $ 2 . 40 per share evaluation !
what are halal mortgages ?
simply put - a mortgage that is structured in a manner which does not accrue riba ( interest ) and is designed according to established islamic financing principles such as ijara or musharaka .
recent developments and major upcoming stock driving milestones :
4 for 1 forward stock split
with $ 60 million in business in first five months , company is on track to complete $ 500 million plus in new lending buisness over next twelve months .
each new customer , with an average mortgage of $ 256 , 000 , represents approximately
$ 11 , 000 a year in profit for the lender .
closer working relationship with hsbc amanah u . k .
services to expand in the future to cover halal financing , halal insurance , halal investments . etc .
acquisition halal mortgages . com
halal financial services inc ceo tariq mahmood comments : the directors have agreed to split this stock to enhance shareholder value . we look forward to advising our shareholders of exciting new developments in the near future .
a hidden gem ? ?
do your own research ! and you may see
that this company is still
under the radar of wall street .
read full report
stock profile alert
for june 26 , 2005
halal financial services ( otcbb : hllf . pk )
existing and emerging financial institutions have been busy developing halal financial products to service the growing demand by a much aware uk muslim population a population which is increasingly affluent , financially astute and at the same time looking to conform their economic life in accordance with the principles of their faith .
as the principle of halal financial services is to facilitate a non - interest based transaction along with ethical investment criteria , this also allows non - muslims who believe in this system to use halal financial services as well .
initially it is forecasted that halalmortgages . com division alone will service in the region of three thousand halal mortgage cases per year generating an average collective mortgage book value of $ 546 million .
within a year of launch , halalmortgages . com aim to be the principal intermediary distributor of halal mortgages in the united kingdom . furthermore , through sister portals such as halalmortgages . com and others , the company intends to offer a host of other halal financial products as they become available , thereby ensuring a diversified product mix .
halal financial services
company alert
company : halal financial services ticker symbol : hllf
current price range : . 45 - . 50 ( post split pricing )
exchange : otc
industry rating : strong
momentum is building ! !
effective june 28 :
authorized : 125 , 000 , 000
managment shares outstanding : 60 , 000 , 000 .
float : 40 , 560 , 000
total outstanding :
100 , 560 , 000
corporation websites :
http : / / www . . com
http : / / www . halalmortgages . com
read full report
timing is everything ! ! hllf . pk
investors may learn much more about halal financial services by going to its website .
corporation web site - http : / / www . . com or http : / / www . halalmortgages . com
to join market movers mailings press here to find out more .
safe harbor statement
the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . the investor news journal ( inj ) is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . inj received compensation for this newsletter service for halal financial services . the compensation is $ 80 , 000 from a non - affiliated third party , cortraunt holdings inc . because inj is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . inj makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements .
media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
