Subject: re : legal operating systems summer - sale
oem software newsletter
we offer cheap oem versions of your most popu % iar software .
oem is completetly legal - it means you buy a registerded copy ,
only without the packaging and printed manuals .
please look at the following specials we have :
1 . grafics software for only 80 $
2 . office software for only 100 $
3 . operating systems for only 50 $
our full pricelist can be found at : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 79 d 4 wf 45 dda 2 ddd 3 abf 6 bebf 227 f 4 cl 4
adobe photoshop cs information
features :
- improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web
- support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels
- create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools
- customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts
- unparalleled efficiency - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts
description :
get superior results faster with industry - standard adobe photoshop cs software and its integrated web
production application , adobe imageready cs software . graphic and web designers , photographers , and
video professionals can take advantage of indispensable features that include improved file management
, new design possibilities , a more intuitive way to create for the web , and support for 16 - bit images ,
digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels . now you can create the highest quality images more
efficiently than ever before .
our site has more info : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 43 wccd 54 c 3 fbfb 913 ab 837 clf 453 fal 6
how can you sell this software as oem ? it seems too good to be true - is there a catch ?
there is no catch - the software versions that we sell are oem ( original equipment manufacturer )
which means you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retail
packing and do not include the manual ) . we do guarantee that all programs are the 100 % full working
retail versions - no demos or academic versions ! when you order , you will receive all materials
required for a complete installation - or your money back ! why pay hundreds of dollars more when you
can get exactly the same but oem - cd ? you don ' t have to pay that much for the fancy box and manuals .
why is your software so inexpensive compared to the other retailers ?
we minimize our overhead by stocking mostly top selling software only and try to get the
best deals for them . we also sell what are called oem versions , the same software as the
box version without the box and the manual . by foregoing the fancy box and typically slim
manuals you end up saving a considerable amount .
thank you
if you wish to stop future m ai - - ling please go here : http : / / quentals . info / fgh . php