Subject: your account with paypal
dear valued paypal ® member ,
it has come to our attention that your account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service .
please
click the link below and enter the needed information on the following page
to update your e - mail address .
click here to update your paypal ® account
however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension . please update your records on or before : buy from an online auctionpay on a merchant
websitesend money to anyone with an email address
you can also confirm your however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension . please update your records on or before : email address by logging into your paypal
account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / . click on
the confirm email link in the activate account box and then enter this
confirmation number : 1328 - 8599 - 4830 - 9811 - 3174
thank you for using paypal !
the paypal team
please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be
answered . for assistance ,
log
in to your paypal account and choose the help link in the footer of
any page .
to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update
your preferences here .
paypal email id pp 468
protect your account
info
make sure you never provide your password to
fraudulent websites . to safely and securely access the paypal
website or your account , open a new web browser ( e . g . internet explorer or
netscape ) and type in the paypal url ( https : / / www . paypal . com / us / ) to be
sure you are on the real paypal site . paypal will never ask you to
enter your password in an email . for more information on protecting
yourself from fraud , please review our security tips at
https : / / www . paypal . com / us / securitytips
