Subject: lottery winning notification
award program nl
laan van hoornwijk 55 , 2289 dg rijswijk .
amsterdam , the netherlands .
www . lotto . nl
ref : japn / 825210773 / br 5
batch : jash / 72947 / m
you have won the sum of 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 euros
our dear winner ,
you have won the sum of 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 euros ( one million euros only . ) from award program nl promotion , held on july 1 , 2005 .
after a successful completion of the second category draws of award program nl , international promotion , you have emerged one of the winners of the , award program nl , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 30 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from america , africa , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand , as part of our international promotions program .
as a category b winner , you have been picked by a computer balloting system , where only email addresses are selected , from a total numbers of 30 , 000 email addresses , drawn from all over the globe . after an automated computer ballot of our international promotions program consequently won in the second category .
your email address was attached to :
ticket number : apnl - 2 - 9027 - nl , with
reference number : apn - wf 74 - 5 nl
batch number : apn - 3 t 2 t - 1 nl
security file number : apn - 6604 / 303 nl
due to mix up of names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal
and confidential , till your claims have been processed and your funds remitted to you .
this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators .
to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting your / our accredited agent
barrister theo m . dykstra esq .
award program nl
tel : + 31 - 626 - 672 - 679
email : interprogramnl @ netscape . net
website : www . lotto . nl
for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice , remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than , 20 th july 2005 after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
note : to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers , any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification .
once again , congratulations .
yours sincerely ,
mr . willem japic .
lottery co - coordinator international .
de informatie in dit bericht is vertrouwelijk en is mogelijk
wettelijk beschermd . de informatie verzonden met dit
e - mail bericht is uitsluitend bestemd voor de geadresseerde .
gebruik van deze informatie door anderen dan de geadresseerde
is verboden . openbaarmaking , vermenigvuldiging , verspreiding
en / of verstrekking van deze informatie aan derden is niet
toegestaan . de nederlandse staatsloterij staat
niet in voor de juiste en volledige overbrenging van de inhoud van
een verzonden e - mail , noch voor tijdige ontvangst daarvan .
deze voetnoot geeft mede aan dat deze e - mail gescand is door
een actuele virus scanner op de aanwezigheid van computer virussdn .
met vriendelijke groet ,
de nederlandse staatsloterij .
