Subject: aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc .
investor alert !
if a group of
investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba ,
nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would
they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni
association that will bring ex high school , college , and
professional athletes around the
united states
to relive
their glory days .
as savvy
investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this
could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you
still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the
dollar - but for how long ?
here at wall
street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s
because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have
potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue
chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small
investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small
investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the
short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge
potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that
gets us excited .
company in
review
pink sheets
symbol : spni
http : / / www . . com
recent price $ 0 . 50
target price $ 2 . 50
aggressive
investors
should be watching
sports alumni , inc
( spni ) ,
it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the
nba , nfl ,
nbl , nhl ,
and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or
no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil
every year one of these leagues threatens the passion
for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is
about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high
school , college , and professional athletes . not about how
big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years .
sports alumni , inc
sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where
8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you
even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet
that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and
the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to
bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and
current players and coaches .
recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would
be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is
former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are
interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said
they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys ,
especially if their names were included .
the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network ,
while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class
magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local
polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar
marketplace .
companys recent news
sports alumni , inc . ( spni
pk )
announced today the official launch of their first sports alumni micro
site ,
www . . com . this
site is the preliminary sign up point for their first of many sports
alumni sites the company plans to launch this year . the main member
site launch is expected early july 2005 with a $ 30 million
media blitz to follow this fall . we are very pleased to have ai
software solutions as our software development and web hosting partner
as they are clearly one of the top companies in this industry and can
fully support our expected rapid growth . they have integrated
seamlessly with our organization and made development a snap , stated
sports alumnis president matthew totty .
sports
alumni will also be marketing football fest 2006 this fall , a grand
event planned in las vegas ,
june
2006 , where they expect attendance of over 150 , 000 former
players and coaches . we have everything imaginable planned for this
event and were really excited for this to be the football event in
the country to attend each year . its a chance for our members to
rub elbows with footballs greats and just have a good time . if you
lived it , youre one of us , states mr . totty .
smart investors know its easier to take a $ 1 . 00 stock to
$ 5 . 00 than to take a $ 10 . 00 stock to $ 50 . 00 .
but the word is
getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz
on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have
another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors
strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling !
for more information on this company simply
( click here )
forward - looking statements contained in this
newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially
from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research ,
quick business solutions , llc
( wsr - qbs ) . has received three hundred thousand shares from a group of investors .
( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter .
( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell
their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to
buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all
sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent
or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made
no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in
this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of
this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making
any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please
request additional information directly from the company featured above or the
sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and
quarterly reports .
qbs 23031 sonoita mission viejo , ca 92692 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
