Subject: from the desk of : dr . paul emeka
from the desk of : dr . paul emeka
managing director : n . n . p . c . nigeria .
tel : 234 - 802 - 850 - 9073
contacts me on ( dr _ paulemeka 21 @ yahoo . co . uk )
attention : friend ,
request for confidential business relationship of great profits
i am hon . dr . emeka emeka . the director of procurement and contract
award at the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) of the
federal republic of nigeria . i apologized using this medium to reach
you for a transaction / business of this magnitude , but this is due to
confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this medium . it is with
trust that i wish to contact you on this matter concerning the
transfer of us $ 15 . 5 million dollars . sometime ago , a contract was
awarded by my
petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) to an international oil firm , to service ,
turn around maintenance and rehabilitation work on kaduna refinery and
petrochemical company ( krpc ) plant in nigeria .
this contract was over - invoiced by us ( myself and two junior
colleagues ) to the tune of ( us $ 15 . 5 million united state dollars ) .
though the actual contract cost have been paid to the original
contractor , leaving the balance in the tune of the said amount which
we have in principles gotten approval to remit by key tested
telegraphic transfer ( k . t . t ) to any foreign bank account you will
provide . it is based on this that some officials in my department and
i have decided to establish a cordial business relationship with you ,
hence my contacting you . we want you to present yourself as the
beneficiary to this fund , so that we can
release the fund into your account for safety and subsequent
disbursement . we have all modalities set .
we have been disappointed some years ago by a british , mr . rick
williams whom we trusted with a transaction of this nature up to the
tune of us $ 10 million u . s . dollars . he is sitting on our money for no
apparent reason and refused to give us our share but we believe that
for his act of wickedness to us , he will never go unpunished by god .
mr . rick williams still resides in london and
enjoying our collective money . because of this we are afraid and we
need your total trust and assurance that you must be an honest and
straight - forward person .
as , we are willing to try again with you believing in your good
cooperation and faithfullness .
we have agreed to share the money thus :
1 . 30 % for the account owner ( you ) .
2 . 60 % for me and my partners
3 . 10 % to be used in offsetting taxes and all local & foreign expenses .
please , note that this transaction is 100 % safe and risk free and we
will commence the transaction from the date of receipt of the
following information from you via e - mail .
please if you accept this proposal , send to me by e - mail .
1 . your personal telephone and fax numbers .
2 . your bank name , address , telephone , fax as well as
your bank account numbers . or you open a new account for this
business . with these information , we are going to put in application
for the release of this funds ( us 15 . 5 m ) into your account for us all .
due to our sensitive position , we can not afford a slip in this
transaction so contact me immediately through my e - email address
telephone number : 234 - 802 - 850 - 9073 for further information on the
requirements and procedure for this transaction . it will only take four
working days to conclude this business because once you send your full
name and address with your direct phone and fax number , we shall
credit your account through our reserved account in europe or canada .
remember that my present situation will not allow me to search for
another person , i absolutely hold you on trust .
therefore we urge you to respond immediately to this my email address
to enable me commence with the modalities of this transfer as we are
well prepared to do this promising transaction with you and hope to
continue with you in future . please treat with the strictest
confidentiality and utmost urgency . yours
faithfully ,
dr . paul emeka