Subject: microcap journal
microcap
journal
in july ' s issue we are going to profile a st . oc . k that is
very much undervalued and has just started trading . ground floor
opportunity for everybody to look at .
this small treasure is : spni . pk - sports alumni , inc
the st . oc . k is trading at only 25 - 30 cents and we expect it could hit
$ 1 . 20 by mid august
huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 1
range
st . oc . k symbol : spni . pk
current price : $ 0 . 25
we expect the price to go up to $ 1 in next 2 - 3 days
we expect the price to go up to $ 1 . 2 in next 2 weeks .
there are some very positive news expected next week so act before that : )
about the company :
sports alumni , inc
sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you
where 8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps
you even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a
good bet that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle
blew and the last play ended . that is what american football alumni
seeks to bring back to the multi - million - member target market of
former and current players and coaches .
recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players
would be interested in joining a national alumni association whose
makeup is former high school and college players . seventy - nine
percent are interested in reunions with former teammates and 55
percent said they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school
football jerseys , especially if their names were included .
the
afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network ,
while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first
class magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and
local polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion
dollar marketplace .
companys recent news
sports alumni , inc . ( spni pk )
announced today the official launch of their first sports alumni
micro site ,
www . . com .
this site is the preliminary sign up point for their first of many
sports alumni sites the company plans to launch this year . the main
member site launch is expected early july 2005 with a $ 30 million
media blitz to follow this fall . we are very pleased to have ai
software solutions as our software development and web hosting
partner as they are clearly one of the top companies in this
industry and can fully support our expected rapid growth . they have
integrated seamlessly with our organization and made development a
snap , stated sports alumnis president matthew totty .
sports alumni will also be
marketing football fest 2006 this fall , a grand event planned in las vegas ,
june 2006 , where
they expect attendance of over 150 , 000 former players and coaches .
we have everything imaginable planned for this event and were really
excited for this to be the football event in the country to attend each
year . its a chance for our members to rub elbows with footballs greats
and just have a good time . if you lived it , youre one of us , states mr .
totty .
st . oc . k symbol : spni . pk
current price : $ 0 . 25
we expect the price to go up to $ 1 in next 2 - 3 days
we expect the price to go up to $ 1 . 25 in next 2 weeks .
read it before you proceed .
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the
meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 .
any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections
at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially
from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes ,
understands will , part of : anticipates ,
or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
st . oc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice .
emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
st . oc . ks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of
this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the
company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what
the news release meant to say .
look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in
it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of spni . pk shares
prior to the publication of this report .
be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to
our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares .
shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made
regarding the above company .
since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
and opinions .
readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results
to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation
or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein .
this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with
any broker or dealer .
this newsletter was paid $ 61500 from third party ( small private investors ) to
send this report .
all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such .
we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this
report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 .
these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued
, speculative target price and intend or similar terms .
qbs 26861 trabuco rd . # 176 mission viejo , ca 92691 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
