Subject: mr john agaufu
greeting ,
sir ,
i am contacting you believing you are a honest and trustworthy person . i believe you will not betray the confidence i am willing to repose in you , for me to have contacted you even though we ' ve not met before .
my name is john agaufu , the only son of late mr mark agaufu . who was the chairman / president / ceo , cacao - cafe & agro - alimentary industries plc . scafecao ) " bouake " and ex - owner of polyclinic la - madonne , of the republic of cote d ' ivoire .
you can find the story on this website : >
on 19 th of september 2002 , a group of so called rebels took over the city of bouake to over - throw the government of mr . laurent gbagbo the president of cote d ' ivoire . on the 20 th day morning at about 4 : 18 am some fractions of the same group of rebels break into our house and killed our security guard and pass - through the gate entrance to the main building and took my father away to an un - known destination .
after about four hours later we found him ( my father ) at the road side , by then he had been totally beaten and was bleeding to death lying in the pool of his own blood . from there , we rushed him to a near by hospital and hours later he sent for my mother . so he told her that he can not make it from the doctors diagnosis , he also told her that it was because he ( my father ) was not from the northern part of the country that he has been treated this way and also being a political activist . and again he said he is suspecting some of his business partners for conspiracy and this sort of brutality . he also told my mother that he deposited a huge amount of money i . e us $ 10 . 5 million dollars ( ten million five hundred thousand us dollars only ) in a finance house in the capital city of senegal ( dakar ) and also told her where he kept the whole documents concerning this deposit that is made for investment purpose in the western world .
that same day , he ( my father ) gave up the ghost . then with the help of the french soldiers , we escaped to senegal , where we are now . i am now contacting you believing you are honest and trustworthy to help us to receive the money in your account for investment , i and my mother has decided in compensating you 20 % of the total amount for your assistance .
please do take your time to go through the mail and get back to us , so that i will simply introduce to the finance house where the fund are being kept now for onward transfer .
i am waiting for your response .
thanks and god bless .
john agaufu