Subject: a heartwarmer : just imagine
~ welcome to heartwarmers ~
http : / / www . heartwarmers . com
the best thing to happen to mornings since the sun !
your morning thought for the day :
retirement at 65 is ridiculous .
when i was 65 i still had pimples .
- - george burns
it ' s summer vacation time and parents will soon be hearing from
their kids that they ' re bored .
one of the biggest regrets we hear from the older generation , is
that kids lack the playful imagination that was common a generation
or two ago .
back in the " olden days " , kids knew how to entertain themselves
with surprisingly little . there was no such thing as playstation .
kids ran outside to play kick - the - can in a game that was shockingly
not organized by adults . they actually did it themselves .
today , mike shares some thoughts about kids and modern
imagination - - or lack thereof . . .
what do you think ?
support our sponsors
they keep our service priceless .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
hundreds of our readers are saving a small fortune . . .
heartwarmer , petwarmer and kidwarmer subscribers are discovering the
tremendous benefits of using tel 3 advantage to make long distance and
international calls - - some saving 90 % ! get started now by calling :
800 - 330 - 6897 . when asked for your " activation code " say : 311 - 673 .
or you can click here to get complete details and sign up online :
http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / c
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
get free software for your computer
hundreds of titles to choose from . you only pay postage .
in fact , order 4 disks and get free postage for the 5 th .
http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / d
just imagine
by michael t . smith
when i married ginny , i gained a new son , daughter and four
grandsons . i became an instant grandpa .
over the july 4 th holiday , i got to meet my new daughter and her
three boys for the first time . it took a day for my new grandsons to
warm up to me .
the first day they stared at me , perhaps wondering what they
were supposed to do with this man , who they were told is " grandpa . "
i waited patiently . i knew boys like to play . they ' d come to me in
their own time .
on day two , the oldest two were doing summersaults over my lap .
the youngest , ben , took a little longer , but yesterday he raced me
across the yard thirty times and won every time .
the weekend brought back memories of my own childhood . we had
such imaginations . in our minds , a tree was a tower to spot
approaching bad guys , a big rock became a mountain , a fallen log a
space ship headed to the stars . we had toys , but we had to use our
imagination , not like the new toys i see my grandkids with .
our toys didn ' t talk , and if they did , you pulled a string to
make it work . we had blocks to build , crayons to create , trucks and
cars to push . they were simple toys that required imagination . i
thought about the toys in my garage , the ones i saved , when my
children outgrew them . they were simple and needed their imagination
to work . mr . potato head allowed them to learn parts of the body and
giggle at the funny face with an ear where its mouth should have been .
i still have an old plastic phone . it has a dial to turn , a
bell that rings when you push a button , and that ' s it . it doesn ' t
talk , squawk , beep or move around the room . it ' s simple and was used
when they played house , nurse , doctor , and secretary .
i have a toy doctor ' s bag , with all the plastic doctor ' s tools .
i remember all the broken bones , cuts , bangs , scratches and aches my
daughter repaired as i lay in her office moaning .
most toys today do it all . we don ' t need imagination - - it
comes in a box . video games that take us into another world or
reality , talking toys , with vocabularies better than most people ,
computerized toys to teach the alphabet . kids sit and have
imagination brought to them . the teaching toys are great , but
children tire of them - - it ' s like being in school .
when my son was young and tired of his toys , he would come to me
and say , " dad , i ' m bored . "
" go find something to do , " i ' d reply .
" i don ' t know what to do . "
" go outside and find a friend . "
" naaa ! i don ' t want to do that . "
" use your imagination . "
" huh ? " he asked .
" well , when i was young . . . " you know the routine .
sports is the same . we ' re entertained for hours watching
someone else have fun doing what they ' re good at . wouldn ' t it be
better to be playing yourself ? if we don ' t like the sports available
to watch , we create new ones . it doesn ' t matter what , people will
pay to see it , because they need to be entertained . i haven ' t heard
of world championship worm digging , but if someone offered a large
cash price , people would buy tickets to scream at the contestants .
i worry . are we becoming a society that needs outside influence
to have fun ?
i think i ' ll go climb a tree .
maybe there ' s a pirate ship on the horizon or someone is
attacking my castle .
just imagine .
- - michael t . smith
michael lives in new jersey with his new wife and son .
from our mailbag :
( in response to last week ' s story , cinderella men )
dear heartwarmers :
last week ' s heartwarming story opened a door to memory lane . i
too , was born in the 30 s and felt some of the poverty of that time .
i remember my mom and dad who never complained of the fatigue that
was so ever present in their lives . we were very fortunate in as
much as we always had plenty of food and warm shelter . we had a
garden and salvaged every edible product available - - even certain
" weeds " that were quite tasty after mother got all the spices in
them . i had several beautiful dresses made from feed sacks that i
wore with pride ! we were very poor , but so rich indeed because we
had love and the knowledge that god was upper most in our lives , and
it taught us lessons that had never been printed in the books . i
deeply appreciate those lessons of long ago because they have taught
me how to handle the tough times we have encountered in this life of
prosperity and promise . thank you again for your lovely story . god
bless .
- -
do you enjoy heartwarmers ? maybe your friends would too . they can
join for free by sending an email to : join @ heartwarmers . com
thank you , heartwarmer angels !
a big heartfelt thank you to our heartwarmer angels .
joan kiefner , el dorado hills , california
jerry plantz , lees summit , missouri
ila george , schertz , texas
ronald & shirley tansill , atlanta , georgia
don goldschen , springfield , virginia
chip robinson , cambridge , massachusetts
kathleen altemus , avonmore , pennsylvania
keith & kay hill , camarillo , california
phyllis reasoner , adrian , michigan
bernadine brooks , winters , california
david moneyhon , spring , texas
albert blight , windsor , ontario
linda king , portland , oregon
judy hord , phoenix , arizona
sally bible , lake oswego , oregon
pam peyron , vale , oregon
rayna peyron , la grande , oregon
judith hurley , vail , arizona
catherine waygood , east hampton , new york
ethel halpin , ridge new york
lizbeth crews , mcallen , texas
julie casos , west jordan , utah
shirley johnson , ft . oglethorpe , georgia
david johnson , caseyville , illinois
elaine olson , santa fe , new mexico
sue mullennix , ft . wayne , indiana
deborah shearer , dundalk , maryland
twila escalante , grand cayman
lois scott , sandpoint , idaho
nancy wolf , bay shore , new york
frances arellano , roland , iowa
arlene millman , huntington , new york
nancy eckerson , akron , new york
david price , tempe , arizona
marilyn myers , anderson , indiana
linda barfield , mccoll , south carolina
vickie kellogg , durham , north carolina
vicki arcado , sandy , utah
charles & victoria trenkle , palm desert , ca
cheri nicodemus , baltimore , maryland
debra cole , balko , oklahoma
karl schmidt , pitt meadows , british columbia
lisa marie coffey , oak park , california
jean carlson , jamestown , north dakota
nannette gaylord , new bern , north carolina
jeanne escher - pickel , irving , texas
lorena copeland , greensboro , north carolina
leta sousa , montgomery , alabama
al batt , hartland , minnesota
beverly salemme , randolph , massachusetts
barbara wolf , greeley , colorado
joyce courson , perryton , texas
david johnson , caseybille , illinois
donna diciaccio , lynn , massachusetts
nancee donovan , concord , new hampshire
marilyn myers , anderson , indiana
ann berger , colville , washington
kathleen doldan , grand island , new york
daria takach , garfield , new jersey
terri goggin , havertown , pennsylvania
suzanne shuster , south riding , virginia
dick & doris miller , central point , oregon
david johnson , caseyville , illinois
rosemary blackman , tulare , california
mary munarin , scottsdale , arizona
tabitha jones , middlesboro , kentucky
barbara lincks , gardena , california
mary horbal , shelton , connecticut
leo perry , st . paul , minnesota
you can become an " angel " member with your contribution of $ 25
or more . your name will be proudly listed when you join . help our
efforts to spread positive and uplifting messages around the planet .
send to : heartwarmers , po box 527 , lewiston , ny 14092 . be sure to
include your name and town .
if you know someone who is seeking help - - for anything , including
anger , smoking , bad habits , lack of motivation , etc - - let them know
they can begin taking control of their lives today . have them check
this website out : http : / / www . hypnosisdownloads . com / ? 739
we put spaces before and after the @ sign in the email addresses to
prevent worms , viruses , and robots from harvesting them . if you
would like to correspond , just remove the spaces .
changing your email address soon ? if you are going to change your
email address and want to continue receiving your heartwarmers , be
sure to let us know . it ' s easy to change . send a blank email from
your old email address to : remove @ heartwarmers . com then , send an
email from your new email address to : join @ heartwarmers . com
grace says : when diane ' s 2 - year - old grandson oggie arrived , she
picked him up for a hug . " mmm , " diane said , " you smell good . what
smells so good ? " oggie replied , " screen saver . " ( he meant
sunscreen ! )
you can get kidwarmers for free by sending an email to : join @ kidwarmers . com
to join ( it ' s free ! ) , send an email to :
join @ heartwarmers . com
to discontinue , send an email to :
remove @ heartwarmers . com
homepage , ad info and archives :
http : / / www . heartwarmers . com
your own free heartwarmers webpage :
http : / / www . heartwarmers . com / freepage /
directory of members ' webpages :
http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / members /
70 percent off new inkjet cartridges
http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / b
note : nothing here may be reproduced or published in
any way without the express permission of the
individual authors and / or copyright owners .
to unsubscribe , click on the following web page .
your membership is listed as : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org