Subject: news alert - wall street research - otc spni
investor alert !
if a group of
investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba ,
nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would
they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni
association that will bring ex high school , college , and
professional athletes around the
united states
to relive
their glory days .
as savvy
investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this
could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you
still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the
dollar - but for how long ?
here at wall
street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s
because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have
potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue
chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small
investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small
investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the
short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge
potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that
gets us excited .
company in
review
pink sheets
symbol : spni
http : / / www . . com
recent price $ 0 . 30
target price $ 3 . 00
aggressive
investors
should be watching
sports alumni , inc
( spni ) ,
it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the
nba , nfl ,
nbl , nhl ,
and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or
no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil
every year one of these leagues threatens the passion
for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is
about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high
school , college , and professional athletes . not about how
big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years .
sports alumni , inc
sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where
8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you
even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet
that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and
the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to
bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and
current players and coaches .
recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would
be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is
former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are
interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said
they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys ,
especially if their names were included .
the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network ,
while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class
magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local
polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar
marketplace .
companys recent news
henderson , nev . , july 5 , 2005
( primezone ) - - sports alumni inc . ( pink
sheets : spni ) , dba american football alumni inc . , ( afa ) ( http : / / www . . com / )
is a nevada membership based for profit corporation . afa membership
is composed of former high school varsity , collegiate and professional
football players and coaches and all others who actively support the
sport .
the american football alumni ( afa ) is a
member - based organization in service and support of former and current
football players and football programs . afa is a formulation of a
fraternal group of individuals , sharing a common bond , whose foundation is
based upon an intangible passion for football and all that it means to
have played and lived it . afa membership is not limited to or meant to be
for only the most elite players or the most recognized , but for every
player , coach , support staff , fan or family member that have dedicated
their selves to the game of football . eligibility for afa enrollment and
membership is open to all those individuals having participated in and / or
lettered a minimum of one season at the high school varsity level or
above . affiliate memberships will also be available with limited features
to those who avidly support football .
afa was
formed with three goals integral to our corporate charter . recognition : to
provide information and support services to former football players ,
coaches and supporters as it pertains to their lives and future .
awareness : to provide a vehicle to assist afa members in supporting the
football program at the schools they attended . involvement : provide a
means to give former football players and coaches , as a whole , a continued
presence and voice in the ongoing culture of american football .
one of our most important services will be
working as a unified voice and lobbying group . afa members will have an
opportunity to vote for college as well as local high school football
polls . this is long over due as the football alumni more than all other
bodies will give the most realistic evaluation of teams . further to
providing a voice , it has been long needed to have an organization like
the afa to affect influence on subjects such as rule changes in college
and high school football , as well as providing input on national issues
such as schools and leagues dropping or changing there support of football
and the student athletes .
membership benefits will include the
following :
afa home
page - - members will access the exclusive articles , interviews , team
pages , event monitors , polls , and advertising business suppliers , plus the
large main online store of sporting goods and team memorabilia . these
services include member and team chat rooms , and fantasy football .
afa team
pages - - including all high schools , college teams at all levels , with
fellow alumni , including players and coaches contacts , e - mails , and
profiles of where they are now , and what they have done , team photos from
years past and current photos . arranging reunions , golf outings , and
invitations to other planned events of all sorts will be available and
assisted through online premier membership .
afa
educational pages - - continuing or finishing education for high school and
college assistance through distant learning institutions , local college
links , and advanced degree availability through providers who advertise
and are qualified by afa to provide such services to our members .
afa team
stores - - afa ' s online store will be unlike any other available . providing
the team memorabilia of high school , colleges , and other sportswear , we
will provide discounted access to online merchandise such as shoes , sports
wear and sporting gear of all sorts . our stores will offer more than just
football merchandise , but also golf , biking , hiking , and other life
sporting goods .
afaxchange ( r )
- - is an online member section that will allow the exchange of all types
of information between players , coaches , scouts and other organizations .
this will include personal and related business information such as player
stats , coaches ' playbooks and tips , and scouting information . one feature
will allow members to opt - in to cross - market their businesses with each
other offering discounts and opportunities to other members through our
member network marketing program . the potential of afa ' s resulting effect
is enormous . many alumni reconnections have led to successful business
relationships .
afa
business provider pages - - participating advertisers include hotels ,
rental cars , shipping , airlines , business goods , resort and vacation
packages , online banking and investment providers , computer wear , sporting
goods , and thanks to our demographic , every other form of advertised
business which will provide unique packages to the afa members .
afa
alumnipoll ( r ) - - unlike the ap , upi or other non - player polls ,
alumnipoll ( r ) will be member driven by those who lived and know the sport .
polls at the high school , regional , collegiate and conference levels will
be more informed , more insightful , and valuable to grade the talent , the
teams and the coaches . those in sports radio , print and television to be
indicators of the true talent and achievement will quickly rely upon afa
polls .
afa
events - - afa will sponsor social / networking type events and annual
conventions for all gold and platinum members . the afa will provide every
member the opportunity to attend these large events . members will have the
opportunity to reunite and build relationships with other members and
senior executives of corporations supporting the mission of the afa . afa
events include : dignitary receptions , entrepreneur showcases , workshops ,
merchandise shows , career seminars and awards banquets .
memberships - - there are two ( 2 ) main
categories of memberships : alumni members and affiliate members , with a
third , charter alumni members , available to select individuals for a
limited time . within alumni and affiliate memberships there are three
levels ; platinum , gold and registered member . with each progressive level
and cost , members have additional capabilities and access to additional
services .
for more information and enrollment please
visit our website at www . . com
smart investors know its easier to take a $ . 30 stock to
$ 3 . 00 than to take a $ 3 . 00 stock to $ 10 . 00 .
but the word is
getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz
on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have
another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors
strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling !
for more information on this company simply
( click here )
forward - looking statements contained in this
newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially
from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research ,
quick business solutions , llc
( wsr - qbs ) . has received one hundred fifty thousand shares from a group of investors .
( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter .
( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell
their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to
buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all
sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent
or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made
no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in
this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of
this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making
any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please
request additional information directly from the company featured above or the
sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and
quarterly reports .
qbs 26861 trabuco rd . # 176 mission viejo , ca 92691 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
