Subject: will you be the next one selected for his public challenge ?
my simple , yet proven strategies for generating multiple streams of unlimited income work - now let me take you by the hand and prove it ! . . . "
" on live tv i promised the world i would make $ 24 , 000 in 24 hours , and . . . i failed - instead i ' cracked the code ' and made $ 94 , 532 . 44 in 24 hours . "
i want you to look over my shoulder , so to speak and watch how i do it . . . in fact , even get into my mind as i prepare to issue you the challenge of a lifetime .
robert g . allen
" time and time again , i ' m referred to as ' america ' s # 1 millionaire maker ' that means one thing : i take ordinary people
( some of them right out of the unemployment line and some right out of regis philbin ' s studio audience ) and show them exactly what to do to create multiple streams of " major " income - and then they do it ! "
" and with the release of my new book , ' multiple streams of income ' i ' m on the prowl again -
looking for a small , select group of ordinary people who want my help in creating instant wealth like i have for countless others ! if you qualify , there ' s only one small , reasonable catch :
" i will use your new cash flow success story in my upcoming promotions . so if you can live with that ' catch ' - then you must stop everything you ' re doing and read the rest of this letter right now "
( important :
you must respond to this invitation within the next 60 minutes .
due to the time - sensitive nature of this opportunity , we must
release your reserved slot to someone else if you do not respond
within the allotted time . )
invitation clock count - down
you must r . s . v . p . within minutes
dear friend seeking financial independence and personal freedom ,
hi . my names robert allen . i ' m the author of two of the best selling
financial books in history ; both # 1 new york times best sellers :
nothing down
creating wealth
my books have sold over 2 . 5 million copies , over 150 , 000 people have
attended my wealth seminars , and i ' ve accepted challenges by the press and have proven time
and again that my money making strategies work .
in fact , recently i was challenged again on national tv . it was in front of a live
audience . i was challenged to take someone from regis philbins studio audience and
teach them my wealth building strategies and guess what ?
just 90 days after following my systems ,
pat watson was $ 20 , 000 wealthier !
listen , you ' ve heard all the get rich now claims and you ' re sick of
seeing them ! the fact is most of those
people who claim to know how you can make money haven ' t made much money
themselves let alone taught others how to do it !
the difference between them and me is that i ' ve proven my
strategies time and time again in the national limelight and my systems truly
work in fact , i ' ve been dubbed america ' s # 1 millionaire maker .
right now , america and i need you for my upcoming nationwide tour to share your story of upcoming success and wealth to those who need hope - all across america .
let me tell you about a few of my " money challenges " . . . this is where i put my money where my mouth is :
i was also challenged by the los angeles times :
you might remember when the los angeles times challenged me to buy real
estate with nothing down . with a reporter by my side , $ 100 for living expenses ,
and armed only with my knowledge ; i purchased 7 properties worth $ 772 , 000 , all
in 57 hours .
i told the mayor of st louis missouri ( the show me state ) :
send me to any unemployment line . let me select someone who is broke , out of
work , discouraged . let me teach him in
two days time the secrets of wealth , and in 90 days he ' ll be back on his feet ,
with $ 5 , 000 cash in the bank , never to set foot in an employment line again .
i selected a young couple from the unemployment lines of st . louis , missouri .
ninety days later they earned $ 5 , 000 using one of my techniques , and . . . .
within 12 months they had earned over $ 100 k !
my proudest moments are when i coach starving millionaires ( people
who should be millionaires but aren ' t ) on wealth building strategies and see
them achieve extraordinary results , again and again !
i ' ve done these same challenges in other major cities - washington , d . c . ,
miami , boston , san diego , and new york - all with similar results !
this brings me to my next challenge in which i took all of the hype out
of the high - powered profit potential of the internet , and decided to make it a
reality for my students . i said :
sit me at any key board of any computer in the world with internet
access , and i will in 24 hours , earn at least $ 24 , 000 cash !
i got myself into the life or death mindset and i went to work
i started my internet challenge at exactly at 12 : 38 pm in front of live
television , i held my breath , and turned my system on and signed on to the
internet
in 6 hours and 11 minutes i had generated $ 46 , 684 . 95
then i went to sleep . . . and when i woke up the next morning and checked the computer -
( with cameras rolling ) :
the total was now $ 78 , 827 . 44
this was exciting because i knew i still had four hours left !
that afternoon , 24 hours after the challenge had begun . . .
the total had grown to $ 94 , 532 . 44
in a mere 24 hours !
why do i tell you all of this ?
well its certainly not to brag but its to prove that
i practice what i teach ! and since i ' m ready to announce my next
challenge , i thought you ' d like to hear my success story - and how i can help you regardless of where you are
in your financial life .
so heres my newest challenge :
send me a group of people who want to become financially independent .
let me teach them my proven , wealth building
strategies . and in 90 days , they will have developed multiple streams of
income . eventually these streams of
income may give them the freedom to do what ever they want for the rest of
their lives .
thats my newest challenge and i want you to be a part of it .
you have everything it
takes to break the mold of an average income earner but you just need to
decide to do it !
listen , i know the reason you ' re still reading this letter is
because you believe there still is hope theres still a chance a glimmer
of hope that you can be a millionaire .
its hard to leave your comfort zone . but you can do it and i will help you .
but first , let me tell you about a few people who ' ve had the courage to
follow their instinct , break out of their comfort zones , and follow my advice :
robert , my life was never the same again
here ' s the incredible news : only one year after using your strategies ,
( coincidentally our twelfth wedding anniversary , ) we became millionaires ,
yes , a million dollars in equity ! wow !
depending on what time frame you measure from , that ' s either
' incredibly fast ' or ' miraculously fast ' ! six months from picking up your book , four - plus months from becoming
protgs , two months and nine days after quitting my job !
that takes my breath away ! . . . this letter
stands as testimony to your accomplishments . . . robert , thank
you , thank you , thank you !
- - karen n . b . , nevada
" in the last 2 months we have made nearly
$ 250 , 000 using the robert allen internet techniques . "
- - olie v . andrei k . , ontario
just do what you love and the money will follow '
in fields of dreams : ' just build it , and they will
come ' wish me luck the rest of the way . haven ' t i told you what the sale price
of this building was ? it was $ 57 , 000 ! i ' m really excited and am on my way finally !
thank you for all your encouragement .
- - eugene w . , california
" in my first - ever deal i ' m acquiring a $ 5 . 7 million 91 unit apartment building for $ 4 . 25 million using none of my own money . "
- - greg w . , new york
( remember : i will always be up front and honest with you . the amount
of success you may have will depend upon important key variables . . .
these experiences are not typical . you may not be as successful as these testimonials shown . )
as your mentor , let me tell you about the first secret to building
wealth : having multiple streams of income flowing into your bank account .
would it change your life completely if , per chance , you were
to lose your major source of income today think about that !
what would you do if you lost your sole source of income ! ?
i will teach you how to develop other streams of income , so you can protect yourself from ever having to deal with
this imaginary scenario .
heres some of what you ' ll learn :
1 . creative real estate investing : 76 % of
all millionaires started their fortunes in real estate .
i ' ve sold more real estate books than any other author of all time .
2 . information marketing : have you ever
had a million - dollar idea , but never acted on it ?
learn to sell your ideas for royalties the hottest millionaire - making trend .
3 . stock investing : how do the wealthy
take advantage of the amateur investors in the stock market ? learn to make
consistent money regardless of what the stock market does .
4 . internet enterprises : how i made
$ 94 , 000 live on tv in 24 hours ! what did i do that was different ?
these are proven income - generating avenues that
build wealth . wealth comes from
understanding the power of multiple streams of cash flow . . . on cruise control !
my official invitation to you
right here right now i ' m inviting you to experience my member ' s only training in my new multiple
streams of income downloadable training course . in this brand new digital course ,
i ' ll be teaching you all of my proven , successful and profitable wealth secrets .
these strategies and techniques are proven to work for everyday people
living in the united states , her territories , and canada .
international applicants are not being accepted at this time .
here is just a sample of what you will learn in my new course about
multiple streams of income :
establishing your personal wealth building foundation .
how to earn $ 100 , 000 to $ 250 , 000 a year for life .
how to retire early .
how to grow your own money tree .
profiting from 5 massive trends that will create many millionaires in the next century .
building a small or not so small fortune on the internet :
double your internet income and work less hours .
secret strategies for getting people to your website .
the easiest products to sell on the internet .
how to sell products on the internet without buying or shipping them .
how the internet can pay for your retirement .
developing multiple streams of income :
how to start your very own multi - million dollar business from your kitchen table .
6 powerful businesses you can start for less than a thousand dollars .
create a money making machine that runs 24 hours a day , 365 days a year without an office or employees .
how to create streams of income that , once established , require little or none of your personal attention .
the seven essential secrets for finding the most powerful home - based business .
real estate strategies that work .
how to buy a house or condo , sell it for less than you paid and walk away with a cash profit .
how to buy millions of dollars of real estate with none of your own money .
how to buy a home paying no interest .
how to live in a million dollar mansion for the price of living in an ordinary house .
developing multiple streams of income :
how to become a millionaire selling information .
make a thousand dollars a day selling " how to " information .
how to get total strangers to practically line up and literally beg you to take their money for your information product .
how to make $ 20 a word every time you sit down to write .
the fastest way to turn an idea into cash .
if you believe you have what it takes to succeed with my guidance , i ' m going to do something
absolutely " unheard of . " ( remember - i ' ve accepted a public challenge , so i ' m willing to do
practically anything to help you succeed ! )
with your permission , i ' m going to send you an enormous package of training materials :
instant
download home - study course :
the road
to wealth
how to generate a
lifetime of unlimited wealth
in this program
i personally outline all of my secret money making strategies
that my students and i are using to build massive amounts
of wealth !
build your real estate fortune :
the robert
allen money power system
you get your own copy of this exclusive real estate course !
profit from the " perfect " investment . i ' ve made
millions doing this - now you get the secrets of
making risk - free offers , finding " cash cows " ,
and how to use " ultimate leverage " . . . even includes
copies of forms for you to use !
special
report 1
" 7 strategies for
making a fortune online "
how to get
more visitors to your site now
learn the secrets to writing great emails
become an expert on giving your website visitors
instant gratification .
learn the secrets of how the big web sites keep
people coming back .
special
report 2
" nothing down real
estate techniques "
50 nothing down
techniques
how to make the banks work for you
the fundamentals of leveraging capital
how a partners money can make you money
creative financing options that work
special
report 3
" zero
to $ 1 , 000 , 000 on $ 49 a month "
the 3
things you must do
what the big secret is .
how to use all of your power
the fundamentals of finance
where do i get the money to start
how to make your plan and then work it
special
report 4
" how
to make $ 24 , 000 in 24 hrs . on the internet "
exactly
how i made $ 94 , 532 . 44 in 24 hours
how to develop a target audience
how to find out what your audience wants to buy
how to motivate your target audience to act now
getting started - your action plan
how to find the hungriest fish in the lake
how to discover the kind of bait your fish will
bite on .
this is a strictly limited offer ( remember - i ' ve accepted a public challenge , so i ' m willing to do practically anything to help you succeed ! )
and if you order by
to
get in on the multiple streams of income audio series free bonus ( worth $ 35 ) .
i kid you not the information in this audio alone can turn your entire life around , and bring you all the wealth you
could ever need .
copyright 2004 esi one , inc .
education success , inc . 5072 n . 300 w . provo , ut 84604 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
