Subject: featured equity profile - no spin or agenda , just the facts
% custom _ big
- - - - - -
trading alert ! ! ! ,
timing is everything ! ! ! ! !
profits of 300 - 400 % expected trading symbol : chms
opening price : 0 . 51 tuesday could be explosive ! ! ! ! ! ! !
10 day target : 3 . 50
news alert ! ! !
china mobility solutions enables sms marketing through user - computers
wednesday june 29 , 10 : 58 am et
vancouver , british columbia , june 29 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - china
mobility solutions inc . ( otc bulletin board : chms - news ) is pleased to
announce that is has developed a new system which enables corporations to
control sms marketing campaigns from their own computer terminals . the new
system gives customers software to download onto their own computers so they
no longer have to access databases and content from the china mobility
solutions ' homepage .
the application has significant application - potential for the company ' s
17 , 000 customers in china where mobile marketing is the fastest - growing and
most effective method for companies to reach their customers . china mobility
solutions gives clients an easy - to - use system that lets them
click - and - create marketing campaigns within minutes . once the software is
installed , users simply connect to the internet and click on the icon to
access their database and content , and control their own marketing
campaigns .
" we are pleased to offer our clients an efficient system for handling their
sms marketing campaigns , " said china mobility solutions president angela du .
" our new software enables them to respond more quickly to market
conditions . "
chms is expecting to make an acquisition , once this
announcement comes out the street should give applause in the form of upward
movement in the stock price . the stock could trade around $ 3 . 00 - - $ 4 . 00
per share on this type of news . get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy on
the rumor and sell on the news . once the news is out it is time to get ready for
next valley .
a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in
just one trade if you trade out at the top . chms should be one of the most
profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has potential
to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you should be able to buy at
the lows and sell at the highs for months to come
chms is also on the reg sho
threshold list , this means someone is short the stock . any significant
volume spike in chms could yield drastic results . if the people that are short have to
cover , they will be buying the shares from you at higher prices . this makes
this stock a triple play for profits
if the company is able to effectuate it ' s business model , watch out ! ! !
we could see a great story in the making .
good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , "
" estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
% rnd _ city % custom _ big