Subject: hot stock info : drgv positioned for immediate growth
a $ 3 , 000 investment could be worth $ 50 , 000 in a short period of time . read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you !
there
is no doubt that china stocks , which are new to u . s . stock markets , are destined to blast off . it happens time and time and time
again . thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting
rich on china stocks . the market is enormous and now its your
turn . the upside potential for drgv is huge . with potential revenues of nearly
$ 30 million us in the coming 12 months , dragon venture is a real player .
everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big
chinese winner .
warren buffett
said u . s . stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes !
here is why we are placing a
target price of $ 1 . 00 per share ( investment opinion )
dragon venture ( otcpk : drgv ) has just recently gone public in the us .
analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry .
mobile marketing is growing in popularity , in china , emarketer reports that 67 % of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers , 39 % in asia , 36 % in europe and only 8 % in us .
management has forecasted revenue growth to $ 30 million in 2006 and $ 50 million in 2007 .
short messaging services ( sms ) is a strong telecom niche . this is an asian phenomenon ! !
according to the ministry of information technology of china , chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world ' s traffic !
china has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world , said matthew j . flanigan , u . s . telecommunications industry president .
drgv won ' t be selling at $ 0 . 0605 a share for long . within days , the buzz about this company will spread on the street . the stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $ . 50 to $ 1 per share . drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors . we view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term . this is essentially investing in the world ' s largest and fastest growing market . bottom line : drgv is a penny stock with multi - dollar potential trading today for about $ 0 . 0605 / share . we are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $ 1 a share . chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy ! who knows when you ' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the iron ' s hot and with drgv , it ' s sizzling
wall street profit alert specializes in investment research in china . we are not registered investment advisor or broker / dealer . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report . rather , investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies . factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company . wall street profit alert and / or its officers , directors , or affiliates have received compensation of $ 5 , 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and / or may have , from time to time , a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein .
current press release
dragon venture announces that it has completed acquisition of 51 percent ownership of shanghai fomde information technology company , limited
monday july 11 , 6 : 30 am et
fort lauderdale , fla . , july 11 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - dragon venture ( other otc : drgv . pk - news ) , a holding company of high - tech companies in china , reports today that its subsidiary , shanghai yazheng information technology company , limited , has completed the acquisition of 51 % ownership of shanghai fomde information technology company , limited ( ` ` fomde ' ' ) via a stock exchange . the purchase was completed with restricted shares of drgv , priced at $ 0 . 08 per share , that were issued to acquire the 51 % ownership on the basis of 51 % of net tangible assets of fomde ended june 30 , 2005 . in 2004 , fomde generated approximately $ 3 million in sales with $ 0 . 6 million in net come .
fomde is engaged in the business of computerized automation control for hotels , commercial , residential and school buildings . the company ' s it department has created a wide variety of proprietary management applications to assist in creating valuable efficiencies in the performance of property management . these applications assist the management of various types of facilities with computerized climate control , access and security control , as well as additional management tools . the company has been certified by the ministry of national architecture of china and the ministry of information technology . it was certified iso 9001 in december 2004 . the company has also developed software applications pertaining to quality guarantee systems in product selections , supplier selections , technical support , and design , all involving post - construction services .
fomde ' s products and services include total management solutions for a wide variety of properties . the company utilizes bas , sas , fas , cas , oas and ibms . the company ' s proprietary systems integration software solutions also include the design of multi - media conference needs including sound systems , digitalized campus information systems , as well as a host of other specialized industry control applications .
lawrence wang , ceo of dragon venture , commented , ` ` we are very excited with this addition in dragon ' s high - tech family . as an incubator of high - tech companies in china , we seek to acquire a variety of emerging high - tech companies in china for diversifying our holdings . this acquisition represents a milestone for our company in achieving substantial growth in revenues and earnings . we believe that the dynamic increases taking place in the high - tech economy in china offers dragon venture a tremendous growth opportunity in the coming year . management actively and aggressively seeks strategic acquisitions in china . we anticipate we will commence with more substantial acquisitions in the coming months . ' '
about dragon venture
dragon venture ( ` ` dragon ' ' ) is doing business in china through its subsidiaries . dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors . the current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions and on the development of certain sale channels of it products and information technologies . two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china . as china emerges as a growing force on the global stage , dragon ' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy . in addition , dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china , offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting , formation of joint ventures , access of capital , merger and acquisition , business valuation , and revenue growth strategies . dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china . our focus will be on innovative technological applications , which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry .
safe harbor statement
certain statements set forth in this press release constitute ` ` forward - looking statements ' ' . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words ` ` estimate ' ' , ` ` project ' ' , ` ` intend ' ' , ` ` forecast ' ' , ` ` anticipate ' ' , ` ` plan ' ' , ` ` planning ' ' , ` ` expect ' ' , ` ` believe ' ' , ` ` will likely ' ' , ` ` should ' ' , ` ` could ' ' , ` ` would ' ' , ` ` may ' ' or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited operating history , the limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets .
dragon venture 335 guoding rd . building 2 , ste . 2009 shanghai , china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
