Subject: dearest
dear friend ,
i am dr . al - fuhard qureshi director of audit unit , bank of africa benin . this is
a very confidential proposition for you . on november 21 st 2002 , a brazilian
oil consultant / contractor with the benenoise solid minerals corporation ,
mr . mauricio jose de matos made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve
calendar months , valued at usd 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eight million dollars only ) in my
branch .
upon maturity on november 20 th 2003 as his credit officer , i sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we
sent a reminder and finally i discovered from his contract employers , the
benenoise solid minerals corporation that mr . mauricio jose de matos died in an
air crash .
further investigations , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless .
again , i made further investigation and discovered that the deceased did not
declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents , including
his bank deposit paperwork in my bank .
this sum of usd 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank no one will ever come
forward to claim it . according to the international banking ethics , codes and
laws , at the expiration of 2 ( two ) years , the money will revert to the
ownership of the benin government if nobody applies to claim the fund .
consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in
as the next of kin to the deceased . this is simple , i will like you to respond
immediately with your full names and address so that we will prepare the
necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of
kin .
a bank account in any part of the world that you will provide will then
facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of
kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of
70 % for me and some of my colleagues who are aware of this transaction and
25 % for you and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the transaction .
there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done
by my colleagues and with my position as the director of audit guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction .
upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction .
please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy
communication .
you should observe utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require
your assistance to invest my share in your country .
may almighy god bless you and your family .
thanks and regards .
dr . al - fuhard r . qureshi