Subject: " all the whey " is the right whey .
hoodia gordonii
natures way of telling you - - -
dont eat !
hoodia ( who dee uh ) is a plant used by the san
tribesmen of the kalahari
desert to stave off hunger
and is fed to their children who eat too much . at a recent study trial ,
a number of overweight people were given unlimited access to food and drink .
those who were given pure hoodia gordonii succulent before each meal ate 1 , 000
fewer calories a day than the rest .
all the whey offers you a
chance to sample hoodia gordonii for yourself . now with any purchase of any all
the whey quality product from our website : www . allthewhey . com
you will receive a free sample of hoodia gordonii .
what can you lose ? maybe
those extra pounds ! go to www . allthewhey . com
and see what is right for you . while you are there check out our fine line of
whey base protein products including lean fit meal replacers .
learn more about all the whey brand products at : www . allthewhey . com
all the whey protein
powder - the best quality and the best value protein .
all the whey
lean fit is the ideal base for a low calorie , highly nutritious meal .
each serving of all the whey lean fit contains 25 to 27
grams of protein and only trace amounts of fat and cholesterol . it is an ideal
source of protein for individuals on a high protein - low carb diet such as the
atkins diet . in fact , the atkins brand dietary supplements contain whey protein
powder as a source of protein .
the american heart association recommends you consume no more than 300 mg of
cholesterol per day . all the whey lean fit has only 6
mg cholesterol per serving , making it virtually cholesterol free .
all the whey lean fit contains a protein fraction known as
glycomacropeptide , which is a powerful stimulator of the pancreatic hormone
cholecystokinin ( cck ) . cck is an appetite suppressant that plays many essential
roles relating to gastrointestinal function , including the regulation of food
intake . in addition to being a regulator of food intake , cck stimulates gall
bladder contraction and bowel motility ; regulates gastric emptying ; and
stimulates the release of enzymes from the pancreas .
all the whey lean fit is a very useful and key component in
weight management programs . protein has long been known to provide a higher
level of satiety versus carbohydrates and may help dieters feel less hungry
between meals .
the journal of the american dietetic association compared the effects on body
weight and composition of two diet plans . one plan included liquid protein meal
replacements , and the other followed a more traditional approach . at three
months , both groups experienced significant weight loss . after one year , most
of the participants in the protein supplement consuming group maintained their
initial weight loss while , the traditional group regained most of their weight
loss .
all the whey lean fit - the best quality and the best value
protein .
no preservatives
all the essential amino acids
high in bcaas
learn more about all the whey brand products at : www . allthewhey . com
all the whey , inc . p . o . box 117 wayne , pa 19087 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
