Subject: ttcm china : share in the bonanza !
china !
its startling economic growth
= a breakthrough
opportunity for you
if you stick with the basics
and theres nothing more basic than :
water .
without water , you cant grow .
china has a desperate water shortage .
it is nationwide .
whatever else it does ,
china must have water
my basic idea :
invest in a company deeply involved in building
chinas water resources and infrastructure :
a company named
ttcm china , inc .
( trading symbol : ttch ) .
ttch is the chinese company that makes
the hi - tech pipe necessary to build chinas
water supply and resolve the nationwide shortage . the need is great .
the need is urgent .
ttch has already
captured 30 % of the hi - tech pipe market
in china , and grown at rate of 10 % a year . now ,
ttch is ready to
expand to the rest of the world , including the united states . which
means ttch has the
realistic potential to make you a fortune ! because
this 9 stock is really a $ 4 . 15 stock
why ? well explain in this free
special issue of
blockbuster
discovery !
a publication of stock trader news
jack burney , editor in chief
2005 , stock trader news
click here to
read the whole issue
press release
water pipe business may not be glamorous , but ttcm china ' s consistent growth is attractive to stockholders , says chairman . he promises an important announcement before week ' s end .
mountain view , calif . , july 12 , 2005 ( business wire ) the water pipe business is not very glamorous , said . jiqun wang , chairman and president of ttcm china , inc . ( pink sheets : ttch ) , but stockholders find our continuing , uninterrupted growth attractive , and our prospects for international expansion are positively alluring .
wang promised an important announcement before the end of the week that will be highly appealing to ttch stockholders .
meanwhile , ttch stock rose 22 % by mid - day monday to $ 0 . 11 .
ttcm ' s core business is the production , processing and sales of glass - reinforced plastic pipes wrapped with sand inclusion and glass - reinforced plastic products . primary products include regular and high - pressure pipes , fittings , round containers , cooling towers , and fans .
ttcm is also developing a new high polymer synthetic material .
in 2004 , ttcm supplied about 600 km of qualified sand - inclusion pipes for 11 major chinese projects .
now , with 30 % of the chinese market in tow , ttcm is looking outward with a strategy for global expansion plan .
that includes the united states , said wang . we have a superior , world - class pipe product and we are currently in negotiation with several american firms . we are convinced that there is a huge market for our hi - tech pipe here and all over the world .
ttcm has enjoyed double - digit growth consistently over the past several years and recorded annual revenues of over $ 10 million on an unaudited basis .
safe harbor forward - looking statements : except for historical information contained herein , the statements in this release are forward - looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the companies ' actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , market conditions , competitive factors , the ability to successfully complete additional financings and other risks .
source : ttcm china , inc .
contact : ttcm china , inc .
ttch @ corpir . com
jack burney , 512 - 862 - 999
blockbuster discovery 4500 williams # 212 - 123 georgetown , tx 78628 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
