Subject: document migration and e - book development
hi ,
i apologize for intruding into your busy schedule . please allow me to introduce ourselves to you .
we are a professional outsourcing partner for all book and journal - related work , including book - writing and typesetting
services ( http : / / www . e - bookservices . com ) . located in india , we cater to both organizations as well as individuals .
our range of services include , but are not limited to :
book writing ( using qualified ghost - writers )
e - books creation ( including mobipocket )
proofreading and copy - editing
formatting , pre - press and typesetting ( in framemaker , quarkxpress , indesign etc )
scanning and ocr ( for re - prints , archives etc )
translation ( all major languages )
many companies are now outsourcing their work to india . not only do they achieve substantial cost savings , but the
availability of a large number of professionally trained personnel also ensures a high quality of work . we can serve you
efficiently and cost effectively , and deliver as per your customized needs .
we are one of the leading indian organizations in our field , and serve many international organizations . for accomplishing
jobs with us , a team of highly trained and dedicated professionals work at our state - of - the - art facilities located in new
delhi , india .
we understand the basic international business processes and ensure that all projects undertaken by us are completed within
the stipulated time period with complete confidentiality , accuracy , and quality .
for your first project you do not need to pay us a deposit . you can make the entire payment after receiving satisfactory
delivery of service .
if you are interested in cutting your current costs to at least half , increasing your profit margins without compromising
on the quality and turn - around time , then please do get back to us . we will be glad to send you a most competitive business
proposal .
sincerely ,
dhiraj aggarwal
mobile : + ( 91 ) 98100 50809
e - mail : info @ e - bookservices . net , info @ e - bookservices . com
url : http : / / www . e - bookservices . net , http : / / www . e - bookservices . com
this email has been sent expecting the information to be of use and benefit to you . in case you do not wish to receive
further emails from us , please send us an email with ` remove + your email address ' in the subject line and we will remove
your email address from our database . we apologize for the inconvenience caused to you .