Subject: hot watch for the morning with news out after the market close
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * watch this one july 14 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
breaking news was issued and we told you this would fly
str ong buy issued july 12 at market close
the players network , inc .
otc bulletin board :
symbol : pntv
current price : $ 1 . 20
5 day projection : $ 3 . 50
big news , big names , big money and big players
major breaking news was released after the market close today
this is a must watch tomorrow morning .
players network completes production on first - ever live broadcast from the ' world series of poker ( r ) lifestyle show ' for potential worldwide audience of 100 million broadband - enabled subscribers
wednesday july 13 , 4 : 35 pm et < - - after the market close today
over 30 hours of new , original programming produced for broadband , video on demand and further distribution
company ' s broadband network registers consumers in 36 countries since launch 7 days ago
go read this news now and put pntv on your radars now
the recent press releases say it all ,
! ! ! ! ! ! ! we told you about cdgt yesterday and that is up big today ! ! ! ! ! ! !
disclaimer
information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts " within
the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or invo lve
discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs ,
plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events or
performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on
expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently ant icipated .
forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through the use
of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti cipates , "
" esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire and deve lop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not represent
that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to
inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information provi ded and
not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur ities
repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies are on
the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis or .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to the
fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime without
notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock , causing
you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr om
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli eves this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your
accepta nce of these terms .