Subject: get more orders for anything you sell - millions of customers sent to your website !
opt in email advertising
one click . millions of customers
opt in email advertisingblast instant traffic to your website
effective advertising for any business large or small * * the most cost effective advertising on the internet * your ad must be seen * generate far more hits for less !
we get businesses individuals great results by providing the most effective way to reach your target market . your email advertising message will be sent to 100 % double opt - in customers . these are people who have specifically requested to receive your email advertising offer on your unique products and services . our opt in addresses , give you the most responsive lists available anywhere
did you know that over 70 % of all internet users in the usa have made purchases online as a result of receiving opt - in email marketing advertisements ? that ' s because bulk email marketing works ! if you are looking for an effective way to market your products or services online , bulk email marketing is the method of choice for the most successful online businesses
our email advertising system is simply the fastest , most cost - efficient way to reach the masses . whether you are just starting out or you have an established company in a competitive market , we want to assist you in the battle to improve your bottom line . our technology and focus allow us to be the low cost / high value provider of e - mail broadcasting serviceone click . millions of customers
* this weeks special *
send your ad to 100 , 000 people - only $ 179
ask about our specials for larger opt inemail blasts
only $ 189 to place an order , or for more info please call ( 562 ) 365 - 81009 am - 7 pm est ( after hours , please leave message ) or click here and leave your name and telephone number with best time to call
if you longer wish to receive messages , please click reply , and type remove in the subject . your email address will be removed within 24 hours from our database .