Subject: attention : the director , urgent contract supply
stanxic international agency
business / contract consultants agent
plot 45 b . l . industrial area
p . o . box 7946 ,
accra - ghana , west africa
telephone : + 233 - 277 - 015592 ,
e - mail : stanxic _ agency @ rediffmail . com
www . @ biznas . com
the director ,
dear sir ,
we forward this proposal to you base on inquires we have made about your company and we hope you will treat it as an urgent mater . we got your contact during our search for supplier of new caterpillars , caterpillars parts , marine engines , and asphalt related products . we decided to contact you and to let you know about the contract and we hope that your company will be interested in this type of contract .
introducing ourselves , we are trade researchers and contract consultants agent . we are working with both corporate firms and government ministries in ghana , we are also representing so many importers and exporters base in west africa , and we have been in this service for so many years with enough marketing experience and
good reputation .
there is a contract available with the ministry of works and housing accra - ghana . for the supply of marine engines , asphalt related products , new caterpillars , fairly use caterpillars , caterpillars parts for servicing and repairs of they breakdown caterpillars .
our company was chosen by ministry of works and housing to look for suppliers who is ready and capable of handling this contract to they full satisfaction , according to the contract awarding committee of the
ministry of works and housing , they estimated that this contract will be for a period of 5 to 7 months and subject to renewal . they also said that the terms of payment will be 70 % mobilization fund through the
bank after signing of contract agreement to enable the suppler start arranging the needed products and 30 % will be paid as soon as the products are completed and ready for shipment .
however , this is a very smooth contract and i fill your company will be interested and i also consider your company very capable to handle this contract , please don ' t hesitated to contact us immediately through our telephone number or through our e - mail address so that we can forward to you the requirements needed for tender and the full contact address of ministry of work and housing for onward contact .
the management and staff of our company are wishing you all the best , while we look forward to hearing from you .
regards ,
dr . denise kumalo .