Subject: enjoy media ( ejym ) enters chinese tv advertising market
enjoy media ( ejym ) , a chinese media company , on fast growth track by signing up chinese advertising clients
enjoy media anticipates strong growth in 2005
jun 7 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am
copyright business wire 2005
hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 7 , 2005 - -
enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) ( www . enjoymedia . com ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , discusses about the company ' s objectives and planned prospects for the coming months .
the key initiatives for the company are :
expand the existing network of restaurants and cafes
increase the advertising sales revenue of the current printed media
acquire additional wait media businesses
enjoy media is a pioneer in the field of printed advertising media placed in restaurants in china . it supplies paper products , such as paper placemats , napkins and other displays , displaying advertisements , free of charge , to restaurants and cafes . enjoy media ' s growing list of restaurants and cafes is now over 1 , 200 in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen .
the printed media , termed wait media , showcases advertisements to customers while waiting for their food order and during their dining time . the restaurants and cafes in the enjoy media network , such as trendy cafes , western food restaurants and fast - food franchises , typically operate in multiple locations in high traffic areas , and attract young urban and white - collar customers . enjoy media keeps advertisers informed of customer profiles , and helps them to design and produce suitable advertisements .
mr . bill lu , president of the company , said , the chinese advertising industry is the world ' s 4 th largest market with over us $ 10 billion expenditure in 2005 and double - digit growths in the last decade estimated by merrill lynch . coupled with china ' s booming restaurant sales , which bloomberg reports to be estimated at us $ 106 billion with 18 % growth in 2005 , it is reasonable to expect enjoy media will benefit directly from china ' s phenomenal growth in advertising and dining spending . we are eager to extend our success to other cities in china leveraging our current first mover advantages . we also plan to expand our sales team to increase our advertiser base . these steps will likely bring a significant boost to enjoy media ' s revenue in 2005 and time ahead . we are at the same time looking for other ' wait media ' opportunities to complement our business .
about enjoy media holdings limited
enjoy media holdings limited ( enjoy media ) is an innovative media and advertising company based in guangzhou , china . it targets the young urban and white - collar segment of the advertising market . enjoy media supplies paper placemat , napkins and other displays that display advertisements , free of charges , to a network of over 1 , 200 cafes and restaurants in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen in china . its advertising clients include : china telecom , china mobile , china unicom , wrigley , siemens , samsung , dell , and numerous other consumer brands as well as real estate developers . enjoy media expects to grow its network of restaurants and cafes to more than 4 , 000 in the next 3 years .
for more information about enjoy media , please visit http : / / www . enjoymedia . com .
source : enjoy media holdings limited
enjoy media signed long term advertising client
jun 15 , 2005 7 : 00 : 00 am
copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - -
enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed a ten - year advertising contract with showgood creation limited ( www . showgood . com ) . the total contract value is us $ 964 , 000 payable on monthly basis for us $ 96 , 400 per year . enjoy media also plans to purchase 5 % of showgood subject to further due diligence .
showgood is a creative media and entertainment production house , based in guangzhou , china . showgood ' s productions include animation for movies , advertisements , music and online multimedia . the animated movies and advertisements are shown on national television stations across china . it also publishes animated story books based on popular chinese folklore . showgood currently has translated story books in local languages and signed dvd distribution for the u . s . and thailand markets . its clients include coca - cola , motorola and yahoo ! china .
market conditions are becoming favorable for showgood as chinese audiences are increasingly interested in seeing locally made animations . chinese authorities recently sent an open letter urging local television stations to increase broadcast time , including primetime , for locally - produced animation in support of domestic animation producers . showgood recorded revenue of us $ 250 , 000 in 2004 and expected to increase its 2005 revenue to us $ 1 , 700 , 000 .
enjoy media signs up china travel service
jun 21 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am
copyright business wire 2005
hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 21 , 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed an advertising contract with china travel service ( guangdong ) limited ( www . gdcts . com ) ( cts ) . mr . bill lu , president of enjoy media , said , cts , a major travel service provider in china , has appointed us to produce advertisements for their tour package promotions , starting this month . the chinese travel industry , a us $ 36 billion market in 2004 , is set to grow significantly as the chinese government relaxed the international travel policy for its citizens at the start of 2005 to include more countries in southeast asia and europe . cts is planning more promotions to coincide with the new demands from chinese travelers . enjoy media can provide a highly - targeted audience for cts with our growing network .
cts is the leading travel service operator in southern china with 100 retail outlets and over 400 affiliated agencies . since its inception in 1990 , cts has grown tremendously providing reservations for hotel , airline , transportation and events , and has become one of the best - known travel brands in china . for four consecutive years , cts is one of the top six china ' s best international travel agencies and ranked first in guangdong province . in 2004 , cts served over one million customers , recorded revenue of us $ 96 million .
for more information about enjoy media visit www . enjoymedia . com
forward - looking statements :
certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . the statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended .
forward - looking statements deal with the company ' s current plans , intentions , beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance . statements containing terms like believes , does not believe , plans , expects , intends , estimates , anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements . contact :
enjoy media holdings limited
mr . zhongwen chen , ( 86 ) 20 - 87521812
ir @ enjoymedia . com
safe harbor statement
this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in ejym ' s financial or operating condition . as elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . ejym will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .
elite equity marketing 321 york rd . 2 nd floor towson , md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
