Subject: yasheng group ( yhgg ) announces lst quarter results of $ 145 million
in revenue
yasheng group ( yhgg ) expands hops production facilities
tuesday july 12 , 2005 6 am et
redwood city , ca ( market wire ) - july 14 , 2005 the yasheng group ( yhgg : otc ) is expanding its hops production facilities to support export sales and growing interest from international breweries . the group has adopted a state of the art extraction production by the critical co 2 extraction method which results in a new high end product line creating new market opportunities .
with the largest hops production and processing base in china , yasheng ' s hops achieved an international top grade as determined by experts of the industry . the new extraction technology is expected to strengthen yasheng ' s leadership position . the production expansion also includes the completion of an additional 12 , 300 acres hops growing base .
the iso 9002 certified facility has imported the new extraction equipment from germany , switzerland and england . this production upgrade is also utilized in yasheng ' s pharmaceutical division in the production of pharmaceuticals and as a food additive as it offers rich tropolone content . the yasheng group remains the top supplier of quality hops to the chinese beer industry , the largest growing segment in the world . with long term supply contracts to the largest domestic breweries , the group has also received growing interest from foreign breweries .
the yasheng group will host the 50 th international hop grower ' s congress in lanzhou china on july 25 - 31 , 2005 .
about yasheng group :
the yasheng group ( otc : yhgg ) is a diversified industrial conglomerate incorporated in redwood city , california , operates in hi - tech agriculture , salt chemistry and biological technology as its core business with advantages in rich land , mineral resources , capital and technology reserves .
through its 136 subsidiaries , the company operating categories include : chemical engineering , agricultural production , biotech , pharmaceuticals , textile products , printing and dyeing , commercial trading , beverages and inorganic salt manufacturing .
yasheng group produces over 51 major products in the northwest of china , seven of which have received the national green award for the environment and health . the company is recognized nationally for meeting all industry quality and environmental standards . products are sold nationally and exported regularly to the u . s . , canada , australia , pakistan , iran , and many major countries in europe and asia . major exports include sodium sulfate , sodium sulfide , vinyl fibers , barley , hops , fine spirits , licorice root , black melon seed , livestock , and many more agricultural , biotechnology , and industrial products .
with total assets of approximately $ 1 . 5 billion usd and over 15 , 000 employees , yasheng group has 15 5 , 097 , 355 shares issued and outstanding as of december 1 , 200 4 .
forward - looking statements :
certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . the statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended .
forward - looking statements deal with the company ' s current plans , intentions , beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance . statements containing terms like believes , does not believe , plans , expects , intends , estimates , anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements .
source : yasheng group
contact : yasheng group
raymond lau , 650 - 363 - 8345
raymond @ yashenggroup . com
www . yashenggroup . com
safe harbor statement
this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in yhgg ' s financial or operating condition . as elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . yhgg will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .
elite equity marketing 321 york rd . 2 nd floor towson , md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
