Subject: paypal account de - activated on 7 - 15 - 05
feedback assistance
paypal is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of
buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs
some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud
teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity .
we are contacting you to inform you that on 07 - 15 - 05 our account
review team identified some unusual activity in your account . in accordance
with paypal ' s user agreement and to ensure that your account has not been
compromised , access to your account was limited . your account access will
remain limited until this issue has been resolved by updating your billing information .
our system requires further account verification .
case id number : pp - 711 - 582 - 533
we encourage you to log in and perform the steps necessary to restore your
account access as soon as possible . allowing your account access to remain
limited for an extended period of time may result in further limitations on
the use of your account and possible account closure .
click here to restore your account
you can also confirm your identity by logging into your paypal account
at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / .
and you will be directed to the verifying page .
thank you for using paypal !
the paypal team
please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be
answered . for assistance ,
log
in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of
any page .
to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update
your preferences here .
paypal email id pp 6116
protect your account info
make sure you never provide your password to
fraudulent websites . to safely and securely access the paypal
website or your account , open a new web browser ( e . g . internet explorer or
netscape ) and type in the paypal url ( https : / / www . paypal . com / ) to be sure
you are on the real paypal site . paypal will never ask you to enter
your password in an email . for more information on protecting
yourself from fraud , please review our security tips at
https : / / www . paypal . com / securitytips
protect your password
you should never
give your paypal password to anyone , including paypal employees .
