Subject: urgent attention
dear friend ,
i am barrister john howord contacting you at intimate of my client ahmed sani gumel
the sun of late major general gumel , internal / regional minister of federal republic
nigeria . because of his strategic position in the former government also being a close
confidant to late president of nigeria general sani abacha .
he was able to acquire personally the sum of $ 156 000 , 000 , 00 . one hundred and fifty
six million united state dollars currently lodged with a security finance company ,
this money was largely through ? consoultancy fee ? and good faith fees paid by foreign
companies prior to allocation of site for deep water oil blocks and other lifting / prospecting
from south korea formal managing director of daewoo kim woo - choong who is now
currently on exile .
right now the money paid by kim woo - choong the formal director of defrauded daewoo
company is partly to build a daewoo plant with my client father general gumel in nigeria , my
client ahmed sani gumel have decided to go on investment with the money hence kim woo -
choong do not ask about the money since after the death of his father .
he therefore resolved to invest this money abroad , preferably in real estate properties ,
and buying of share in blue chips company .
however , straight transfer of this money into a bank in abroad will present two major problem
1 , the tax incidence will be too high as much as 65 % of this money will go in taxes , levies , penalties etc .
2 , as an on which present fighting very hard to freeze this account so as a result of government deliberately
restrictions on this not to transfer the solution is to get a partner who is a foreigner to claim
this fund and for to facilitate the movement of this fund to his country .
all i now need is a honest partner who can claim this money on behalf of kim woo ?
choong the investor ,
there is absolutely no risk involved in this transaction , if you collect this consignment
from the security company you are to lodge this money in a bank account and contact
me for necessary arrangement for the investment .
for you help and assistance in this transaction , you will receive 40 % of the money , 10 %
will be set aside to offset all the expense while remaining 50 % is for the general ? s investment .
finally , you are to please urgently email your personal phone and fax numbers for an easy communication .
when you reply your interest in this transaction i will give to you further details expecting to hear from you .
yours in service ,
barrister john howord esq
for shammer chambers .