Subject: get part - time job with travel tourr guide
the gendarmerie leading internet job site of australia www . seek . com . au presents unique part - time job proposal from international tour agency travel tour guide . that job position was called " job of the year - 2004 " and it is actual now because of hot summer and best prices ordinal for travel tour guide proposals in internet .
do you want to start a successful carrier right now refractive without any entrance fees , without buying goods or involving other people ? do you want to start a successful carrier in financial sphere without economical education or special experience ? - so this is a chance for you .
travel tour guide is happy offering you to apply for one of the open financial manager positions . this is a unique proposal because while examining you as applicant only your criminal records and credit history will be looked through . all we demand from you is to check your e - mail several times a day and to have a valid ba paralogize nk account or to open a new one .
the main option of financial manager ' s job is to receive funds on personal bank account with future remittance to travel tour guide . manager gets 5 % from every remittance . so every financial manager diachylon of travel tour guide has an opportunity of getting 800 - 900 aud per week .
travel tour guide resumed that position because of regular bank wires last for 3 - 5 days . such long period prevents us from selling hot tours . besides the world leading payment systems like visa and mastercard decreased the limits for internet payments . the activity of financial managers in various regions became a rescue for wide range of on - line co strawberry mpanies which sells good up to bank limits .
travel tour guide has already got the network of financial managers working worldwide . we have got a high demand this summer in australia so our managers can not process all the transactions in time . so company resum selfconceit ed that vacancy in australia . please forward your letter toinfo @ travel - tour - guide . com and you will be sent the detailed job description and also you can ask for application form .
if you are not interested in t undulation his job offer you can visit www . seek . com . au . a lot of vacancies from more than 750 inexplicit 00 employers can be found there .