Subject: call for confirmation !
from : government accredited licensed lottery promoters . winning notice for
category \ " a \ " winner
dear lucky winner ,
re : elektronik lotto promotion prize awards winning notification
we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual
final draws of lotto international netherlands programs .
the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of
25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an
advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets
were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged
as one of two winners in the category \ " a \ " with the following :
ref number : pc 390 es 214
batch number : 26371545 - lni / 2004
ticket number : 13273540422
you as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize
of € 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . ( one million , five hundred thousand euro only ) each from
the total payout . your prize award has been insured with your e - mail address
and will be transferred to you upon meeting our requirements , statutory
obligations , verifications , validations and satisfactory report .
to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised
to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category \ " a \ "
winners with the information below :
mr . van bell ,
remittance department director ,
tel : + 31 617 186 560 e - mail : elektroniklott @ yahoo . com . au
elektroniklot @ netscape . net
you are also advised to provide him with the under listed information
as soon as possible :
1 . name in full
2 . address
3 . nationality
4 . age
5 . occupation
6 . phone / fax
note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 14 days . after this
dateall unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake . remember to
quote your reference information in all correspondence .
you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public
especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a
case of double claims will not be entertained ) . members of the affiliate
agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program .
thank you and congratulations ! ! !
yours faithfully ,
mrs . agatha deboer ,
games / lottery coordinator .
lotto international netherlands
www . lotto . nl
this email may contain information which is confidential and / or
privileged . the information is intended solely for the use of the
individual or entity named above . if you are not the intended
recipient , be aware that any disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the
contents is prohibited . if you have received this electronic transmission in
error , please notify the sender by telephone or return email and delete the
material from your computer .