Subject: reply soon
from the desk of mr . adnan a . k . ismail
manager national bank of abu dhabi
dubai united arab emirate ( u . a . e . )
email : adnanaki @ arabtop . net
i am mr . adnan a . k . ismail branch manger of national
bank of abu dhabi i am writing following an opportunity
in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of
us . in my department i discovered an abandoned sum of
$ 12 , million ( $ 12 , 000 , 000 , 00 ) united state dollars )
in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers ,
late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost
his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261
which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and
only daughter . you shall read more about this story visiting
this site . http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines .
list / and http : / / www . nativefederation . org / history / people / mthompson . html
since we got information about his death , we have been
expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim
his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies
for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated
in our banking guidelines .
unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his
only daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving
nobody with the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim ,
and the banking law and guidelines here united arab emirate
that such money remained after five years the money will be
transferred into banking treasury as unclaimed funds ,
note : i want you to stand as the business partner of late
morris thompson so that my bank can transfer the money to
your account without any problem , so now i will like you
to provide me your full name and address so that the attorney
will prepare the necessary documents and affidavit that will
put you in place as the next of kin of late morris thompson ,
we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and
notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents
and letter of probate administration in your favor for the
transfer a bank account in any part of the world , then i will
facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the
beneficiary next of kin ,
the money will be paid into your account for us to share in
the ratio of 60 % form and 40 % for you , there is no risk at
all as the paperwork for this transaction will be done by
the attorney and my position as branch manager guarantees
the successful execution of this transaction if you are
interested , please reply immediately via the private email
address above ,
upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details
and relevant documents that will help you understand the
transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and
fax numbers for easy communication . please observe utmost
confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would
be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your
assistance to invest my share in your country .
awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email address .
adnanaki @ arabtop . net
best regards ,
mr . adnan a . k . ismail