Subject: account security measures !
urgent
safeharbor department notice !
ebay fraud mediation
request
dear
ebay member , you
have recieved this email because you or someone had used your account to make
fake bids at ebay . for security purposes , we are required to open an investigation
into this matter .
last
recorded activity
the login attempt
was made fromip address : 162 . 25 . 210 . 76 isp host : cache - 66 . proxy . cyberwest . com
*
you must verify the details by clicking on the link provided below . if you choose
to ignore our request , you leave us no choice but to temporarily suspend your
account .
the
fraud alert id code contained in this message will be attached in our fraud mediation
request form , in order to verify your account registration information ! fraud
alert id code : 00937614 ( please save this
fraud alert id code for your reference . )
to
help resolve this matter click on the link or button below , please access the
following form to complete the verification of your account registration information .
orhttps : / / scgiebay . com / verify _ id = ebay
fraud alert id code = 00937614
please
note : if we do not receive the appropriate account verification within
48 hours , than we will assume this account is fraudulent and will be suspended .
the purpose of this verification is to ensure that your account has not been
fraudulently used and to combat the fraud from our community . we
appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep ebay a
safe place to trade . thank
you for your patience in this matter . respectfully ,
safeharbor
departmentebay
inc
this email appears in
the language of the ebay site where you are registered . ebay treats your
personal information with the utmost care , and our privacy policy is designed
to protect you and your information . ebay will never ask their users for personal
information , such as bank account numbers , credit card numbers , pin numbers , passwords ,
or social security numbers in an email . for more information on how to protect
your ebay password and your account , please visit user
account protection .
this ebay notice was sent to ebay
membe id : 947225836 based on your ebay account preferences and in accordance with
our privacy
policy . to change your notification preferences , click
here . if you would like to receive this email in text format , click
here .
copyright © 2005
ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property
of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc .
