Subject: omega 314 : traffic system ( now website traffic is effective charset = iso - 8859 - 1 " >
website traffic is now effective & intelligent
o m e g a 3 1 4
you will be winner with omega 314 ! we have designed our entire traffic exchange system just for you ! our brand new traffic exchange software features something for anyone who needs massive amounts of traffic delivered to their own websites on a consistent basis . . . for absolutely free !
using our traffic exchange system on a daily basis will enable your sites to be seen by thousands of potential prospects 24 hours per day , 365 days of the year ! and of course , you will also get to see thousands and thousands of interesting sites yourself .
first you will need to signup for your own free member account !
confirm your registration when you receive our welcome e - mail .
then . . . you can login to your new member account and " explore " it . . .
setup your own site links and assign them some free credits . . .
surf to earn more credits and cash , sell credits , buy advertising , etc . . .
its that easy , and new sites are usually approved within 12 hours maxi .
upgrade your account after learning how our system can work for you !
20 second timer for autosurf .
15 second timer for manualsurf .
314 free credits are given to all new members .
up to 2 url ' s are allowed for free member accounts .
earn credits or cash by visiting other member sites .
earn credits or cash by referring others ( up to 10 levels ) .
earn credits or cash by playing our online member games .
earn credits or cash from members paid to click ads .
win extra credits from surfing bonuses ( pay close attention ) .
you can purchase banner ads , text ads , or paid to click ads .
paid memberships available with more urls , credits and more . . .
we disclose full membership and downline information to you .
no popups , downloads , frame breakers , site rotators allowed !
members are required to surf 200 sites to receive free credits ( auto mode ) .
members are required to surf 100 sites to receive free credits ( manual mode ) .
only one account is allowed per person .
so , simply signup below and whenever you want to receive more free traffic just go into your account and click the auto / manual surf link . or . . . you can set your browser start page to your auto / manual surf page !
s p e c i a l :
earn cash with us
we have a generous affiliate program for accounts upgraded ( take a look in panel user for this )
earn huge monthly commissions just by sending surfers to omega 314 .
for our affilate program , your must have imperatively an account :
* omega or
* omega +
and much more !
* referral contest is started since 07 - 15 - 2005 at 00 h 00 gmt + 2 .
* end contest : 07 - 30 - 2005 at 00 h 00 gmt + 2 .
* top 10 referrers are displayed on main page in real time .
* for winner : 1 free account omega + for 1 month .
* warning : we have added also an anti - cheating !
good luck ! : - )
o m e g a 3 1 4
