Subject: mail from mr . nelson miller
greetings and compliments of the day ,
on 25 th july 2000 , germany lost 96 passengers that were flying to new york to join a caribbean cruise organized by deilmann on a concorde flight af 4590 . visit the below link for further detail on the disaster which " shattered and stunned " germany . http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / europe / 851119 . stm
in view of the above , i wish to introduce myself as , mr . nelson miller , a chartered accountant and auditor by profession . i know that the acknowledgement of this mail will sound intriguing considering the fact that there wasn ' t any earlier information regarding my mail . being an auditor , in december 2002 during an audit session with a client bank here in south africa i discovered an account opened in the bank in 1998 by christian eich , i went through the files of this foreign customer which gave me a clear picture that his account has been termed domant according to the banking laws and ethics . the funds in his account cannot exceed six years of domancy or it would be recalled back to the government treasury . i studied his file and understood clearly that he did not declare his next of kin in his deposit application form which indicates that he had no will attached to his account .
this prompted me to send a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . i further investigated with keen interest to find out that christian eich ( 57 ) perished with his families ( wife andrea 38 , son maxmilian , 10 and daughter katharina , 8 . ) on board in concorde plane af 4590 . it ’ s really a tragic scene . having known this , the management now want to use this opportunity to channel the funds for their own personal use . my consolidated investigations showed that they intend to use the funds for the purchase of war arms if no one comes for claims at the end of the last quarter 2005 . this is where i stand on my feet and say that , no just like nelson mandela who said no to apartheid . in his autobiography , " long walk to freedom " wrote of his release from prison in the following words " when i was among the crowd i raised my right fist and there was a roar . i had not been able to do that for twenty - seven years and it gave me a surge of strength and joy . we stayed among the crowd for only a few minutes before jumping back into the car for the drive to cape town . . . as i finally walked through those gates to enter a car on the other side , i felt even at the age of seventy - one that my life was beginning anew . my ten thousand days of imprisonment were over . " my friend rather than support war , terrorism etc , have a look at the tsunami disaster , they need our assistance to make a new life .
the funds in question is huge and i wish not to disclose it at the moment . furthermore , since the bank is still waiting for anyone with documents to substantiate the claims , i humbly request your co - operation and participation to claim this fund out of my country . this fund can only be approved to a foreigner having in mind that it belongs to a foreigner . i have worked on all modalities with the assistance of my close confidant attorney to make this a success and it all proved positive . in essence , i have every detail on ground to establish you as the authentic beneficiary to the estate . i can procure and notarize all legal back - up document needed for us to get this fund out of my country .
finally , all i need from you is your trust , co - operation and assistance . when you receive this letter , showing your dedication and honesty to assist in this venture , i will like you to contact me immediately so that we would take the necessary steps immediately and i would provide you with a detailed mail of the business venture . i look forward to your response .
yours faithfully ,
mr . nelson miller
johannesburg , south africa .