Subject: assistance
sir ,
we are pleased to know that your esteemed company is a reputable firm and is capable for the execution of this project that has arisen from our establishment .
we are members of the contracts award and review committee in the port authority of republic of sierra leone . we have the mandate of our government for the award , review of old contracts executed during the civil war and recommend for payments as well as execution of new projects under the port authority .
we are glad to inform you that the committee has identified some inflated amounts of contract projects to the tune of $ 25 . 5 million u . s dollars which was left unpaid by the old military government in our country . the contract was fully completed and commissioned and the contractor was fully paid his normal contract amount . but according to our records , the sum of $ 25 . 5 ( twenty - five million , five hundred thousand ) united states dollars was being indepted to the contractor right now . we have investigated and it was discovered that the contractor has been fully paid his total money by the past military regime in our country , leaving this twenty - five million , five hundred thousand united states dollars being the oxer - estimted amount on the contract which has just been approved for payment .
the committee now would like to negotiate with you on mutual beneficial grounds , to kindly provide an account where this sum $ 25 . 5 million dollars will be paid into within two weeks ( 14 ) working days only . this amount , we have agreed during our last meeting that we shall invest it in a profitable business venture in your country on your assistance .
i have been mandated by the committee to inform you about this and negotiate with you to provide us your account where this amount will be directed and feed them back within one week so that we can begin the process of transfer of the funds immediately . as we have seen from records available to us , we shall require the following documents from you ;
( a ) proforma invoice of the project executed
) a written application requesting the port authority to pay the balance of the contract completed during the civil war .
( c ) the account number , bank name , and bank address . we shall provide you the tevt of the contract which you will type into these documents when you reply .
we again resolved that we shall share the money as follows ; 35 % shall be given to you for providing the bank account , 10 % shall be mapped out to run any expenses that may be involved during the transfer and 60 % will be kept for us in a separete bank account which you shall open on our behalf untill we meet you in your country . we hope that this will be acceptable to you . we hope to hear from you as soon as you receive this letter and kindly give us your telephone number to reach you . we promise to be in good relationship with you .
thanking you ,
faithfully yours .
engr . fred stevens .
.