Subject: from : mr . moses paraiso ,
from : mr . moses paraiso ,
continental bank - benin
av . jean paul ii ,
carrefour des trois banques , 01 bp 2020 - cotonou
republice of benin
swift : cobb bj bj
télex : contbk 5151 ctnou
atten :
( re : transfer of usd 28 . 5 million )
compliments of the day permit me to introduce myself to you . my name is mr . moses
paraiso , a top management official of the above finance corporation in cotonou ,
benin republic .
as it may intrest you to know , i got your contact through my international
business enquiry as i was making contact of an foreign partner that will
assist me to bring this deal to be a success . i beleive you will be viable and
capable to champion a business of such magnitude without any problem .
proposition : an australian engr donald pepper , a prosperous oil \ gold merchant
had in our bank the sum of $ 28 . 5 million in a domiciliary account .
unfortunately , he was killed in a recent ghastly motor accident in benin
republic . efforts had been made by the management of my bank through the
australian embassy to contact any of the deceased children but to no avail . i
later discovered that he had no children . given the skeletal information
available to the bank , it has so far been impossible to reach any of the
relatives .
the situation left for the management is to declare the deceased account dormant
and revert the funds to trading for interest to the bank . in order to avoid this
development , i now seek your approval to have you stand as a distant relative to
engr donald pepper , so that the money would be released to you .
i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved
to a local bank here , but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid
international passport or drivers license and foreign account .
because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the account engr
donald pepper , was a foreigner too .
all documents and proofs to enable you get the money will be carefully packaged
once i receive your acceptance on this proposal . i shall apply for a leave as
soon as the funds get into your reliable account to come to your country for
sharing and investments which you will assist me in doing . may i assure you
that this is safe and risk - free , as i have taken care of all necessary
modalities to ensure a hitch - free transfer i have decided that upon the
conclusion of this transaction you will be entitled to 30 % of the total funds i
have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me .
for us to proceed please send to me your full location address , telephone and
fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction .
regards and god bless you ,
mr . moses paraiso .
kindly call me for more information .
phone number + 229 - 05 17 26