Subject: major news released after the close , a must watch tomorrow
stock hits 52 wk high . . . strong buy issued
the players network , inc .
otc bulletin board :
symbol : pntv
current price : $ 1 . 65 up . 17 cents , or 40 % in the last 4 days of trading ,
we see $ 3 . 50 around the corner
5 day projection : $ 3 . 50
press release source : players network
players network ( pntv ) media and entertainment executive andrew orgel to
appear on ' corporate strategies with tim connolly ' sunday , july 17 th at 10
pm et
las vegas , july 15 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - andrew orgel , media and
entertainment executive of players network will appear live sunday night ,
july 17 th at 10 pm et on " corporate strategies with tim connolly " . players
network ( otc bulletin board : pntv - news ) is the leading media company in
the gaming lifestyle category . pntv partners with major gaming industry
companies in the marketing and promotion of their brands through the
development of original entertainment and television programming presenting
the companies ' intellectual properties . recent guests of the show have
included enterprise products ceo dan duncan , celgene ' s ceo john jackson ,
landry ' s ceo tilman fertitta , changewave research ' s tobin smith , mario
gabelli , former sec chairman arthur levitt , former compaq ceo eckard
pfeiffer , money manager louis navellier , and many others . listeners may call
in questions live and toll free to andrew orgel and tim connolly at
1 - 866 - 606 - talk ( 8255 ) . the business talk radio show may be heard on wgch am
1490 in greenwich , connecticut , ksev am 700 in houston , 740 am wsbr in boca
raton , florida and on over 400 affiliate stations nationwide listed at crnl
www . cableradionetwork . com , or on the internet at www . businesstalkradio . net .
this hour of " corporate strategies with tim connolly " is hosted by tim
connolly of corporate strategies merchant bankers
( www . corporate - strategies . net ) . noted economist mike king of princeton
research provides live technical analysis for the show .
go read this news now and put pntv on your radars now
the recent press releases say it all ,
! ! ! ! ! ! ! we told you about pntv on july 13 th at $ 1 . 20 ! ! ! ! ! ! !
disclaimer
information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts " within
the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section 21 b
of
thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or invo
lve
discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs ,
plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events or
performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on
expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently ant icipated .
forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through the
use
of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti cipates , "
" esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire and
deve lop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the company
has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not represent
that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to
inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information provi
ded and
not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all
readers
and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur ities
repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies are on
the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis or .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an officer , director
or
affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to the
fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime without
notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock ,
causing
you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr
om
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli eves
this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your
accepta nce of these terms .