Subject: next of kin
paul harden & co
swan centre , fishers lane
chiswick london , w 4 lrx . uk .
email : - hardenl @ zwallet . com
dear friend ,
i am writing you this proposal on behalf of my chambers . i got your information through my personal search for a honest person whom i will work with , hence i decided to seek your veiws if you will work with me , due to the sensitivity of this transaction a
nd my position as a lawyer .
i am barrister paul harden from uk , representing mr . martin greenberg , a foreign , engineer by profession , who died since 1999 , in an egypt air crash , on the 31 st october along with other passengers on board .
before his death , he has a huge sum of ( us $ 25 . 5 ) which no other person knew about , he intended to invest in southern part of africa . this fund has no other beneficiary and i have the original documents of deposit / claim certificate to claim the money of w
hich the amount
involved is ( us $ 25 . 5 m ) twenty five millions five hundred thousand united states dollars .
the fund is rigth now under the custody of a security company , which i will not like to disclose at the moment until i confirm your willingness to assist me in this project .
early this year , the security company sent me a letter , since i was his lawyer , asking me to present his next of kin , to enable them release the said funds .
my disire is to be able to source a foreign partner who is honest and trustworthy
individual , so that i can present to the security company as the next of kin of the late mr . greenberg so that the fund can be release to him / her .
if you are willing to assist me in this transaction , your compensation will be ( 20 % ) , while i receives ( 70 % ) and the balance of ( 10 % ) for taxes and other miscellaneous expenses .
this transaction is 100 % risk free provided you treat the transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality and also with my position as esquire , i will perfect all the necessary documents on your name as soon as you are ready to do this deal with me .
endeavour to email me the following information at harden 2 @ zwallet . com
names , address , phone and fax numbers , age , sex , marital status and occupation .
thank you and god bless ,
barrister . paul harden
attorney - at - law