Subject: undervalued gem ready to rise !
cali holdings , inc .
otcbb : cali . ob
current share price - . 010
outstanding - 55 million
the right choice for the smart investor
building a strong business one company
at a time !
cali holdings , inc . ( otcbb : cali . ob ) , made a notable debut in its first quarter of 2004 as a business development company . the company has invested in a diverse portfolio of private companies with results that indicate good private equity management can be found in small packages . the company provides equity and long - term debt financing to small and medium sized private companies in a variety of industries throughout the united states . cali ' s investment objective is to provide current income primarily from interest earned , dividends and fees paid by the portfolio companies .
latest news from cali holdings
cali holdings , inc . gulf coast records pursuing joint venture
orlando , fl . july 19 , 2005 / ( businesswire ) / - - cali holdings , inc . ( company or cali ) ( otc - bb : cali ) , announces that they are in contract negotiations with a nashville record label to joint venture gulf coast artist , glenn cummings . gulf coast records is a portfolio company of cali . www . gccountry . com
the nashville label will take over responsibility for ar , radio , distribution and promotion of gulf coast artist , glenn cummings . further details will be available as contract negotiations are finalized .
the ceo of cali holdings inc . , james e . jenkins stated , were very excited by the opportunity to work with a nashville label to further the career of glenn . the nashville label has the promotion staff , ar experience and distribution channels necessary to bring glenn to the next level . ( full text )
cali holdings , inc . portfolio companies
cummings financial services , inc .
51 % interest acquired interest : 05 / 2004
cummings financial services , inc . is a licensed mortgage broker licensed in the state of florida . glenn cummings has been in the mortgage brokerage business since 1993 as a mortgage loan originator with household finance corporation . in 1996 mr . cummings became licensed as an independent mortgage broker . in 1999 mr . cummings signed a net branch agreement with stockton , turner , llc . under the branch agreement , mr . cummings operated as stockton , turner , cummings , inc . in 2001 glenn alicia cummings formed cummings financial services , inc . and became a correspondent lender . home savings plan , inc .
51 % interest subsidiary of cummings financial services
home savings plan , inc . is a florida corporation which sells to cummings financial services , inc . mortgage customers a bi - weekly payment plan for mortgage payments . home savings , plan , inc . is 51 % owned by the company .
buehler earth waterworks , llc
51 % interest acquired interest : 04 / 2004
buehler earth and waterworks specializes in site development and infrastructure construction including , but not limited to , clearing , earthwork , utility construction , storm drainage , curbs , sidew alk s ; roadwork including sub - base , base and asphalt placement .
buehler earth and waterworks mission is to provide a full line of site construction and related services to the land / site development industry ( public / private ) utilizing a team approach to deliver the highest in quality work seeking expeditious performance without compromising either cost efficiency or good safety practices .
buehler earth and waterworks , llc owns 100 % of bew landscape and irrigation , llc a florida limited liability corporation . bew landscape and irrigation provides plants and irrigation services on a wholesale and retail basis to various customers throughout florida .
buy recommendation : strong
sports nation , inc .
100 % owned acquired interest : 04 / 2004
sports nation , inc . is involved in all aspects of the sports memorabilia merchandising industry . sports nation ' s management has over 50 years of combined experience in product development , licensing , mass merchandise , retail , and direct marketing sales . through years of specializing in sourcing and selling the finest caliber sports memorabilia and collectible products , sports nation has forged numerous strategic relationships with companies and individuals in sports marketing , including agents and athletes , manufacturers , authenticators , and retailers .
tsb financial services , inc .
100 % owned
tsb financial services , inc . obtains financing for various commercial real estate transactions thought strategic relationships with outside funding sources . tsb financial services , inc . serves customers nationally from its headquarters in orlando , florida .
wellstone acquisition corporation
66 % interest acquired interest : 04 / 2004
wellstone acquisition corporation is a non - reporting securities exchange commission registrant . this company had no business activity for the years ending june 30 , 2004 and 2003 .
tsb gaming and entertainment corporation
100 % owned
tsb gaming and entertainment corporation was formed on march 18 , 2004 to invest in gaming , entertainment and other such ventures . tsb gaming and entertainment had no business activity through june 30 , 2004 . tsb gaming is a florida corporation .
tsb ventures , inc .
100 % owned
tsb ventures , inc . was formed on april 16 , 2004 to seek private investment into the company ' s various portfolio companies .
investments
gulf coast records , llc
gulf coast records , llc is an independent record label . currently , gulf coast is developing recording artist glenn cummings . gulf coast records has met with music industry executives and has assembled a team in preparation for glenn cummings new album release entitled " big " .
www . gccountry . com
on june 30 , 2004 gulf coast records formed hare scramble , llc . hare scramble , llc a florida limited liability corporation involved in music publishing 100 % owned by gulf coast records , llc .
kma capital partners , ltd .
kma capital partners , ltd . provides business consulting and financial services to the company and to small and mid - cap companies . www . kmacapital . com kma capital partners , ltd . is a florida limited partnership which the company has a 25 % limited partnership interest .
final thoughts
cali holdings has established itself in a position for major growth through acquisitions and potentially very substantial revenues in their current portfolio . the current share price and its diverse portfolio makes this a very attractive investment for both the long and short term . we feel that cali holdings is truly an otc bargain .
otc bargains 601 evans st . shelbyville , tn 37162 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
