Subject: upw presents : meltdown - wednesday july 20 th !
wednesday ,
july 20 th , 2005
8 : 00 pm
meltdown only hours away !
that ’ s right , as we speak , i am counting down the hours , minutes , and seconds until upw once again invades its old stomping grounds ( literally ) at the galaxy theatre . as if the upw returns of luther “ horshu ” reigns , sakoda , kazarian and hardkore kidd , 10 huge matches , and a musical performance by tijuana bullfight were not enough …
lil nate : out to prove that he is for real .
at upw ’ s last outing at the galaxy , “ homecoming havoc ” , one of the unquestionable highlights was lil nate ’ s upset victory over the longest reigning lightweight champion in upw history , frankie kazarian . the match was a true classic back and forth battle in which nate finally bested kazarian with a reversal and roll up . since then , many have stated that nate ’ s victory was a fluke , and that he will be unable to live up to kazarian ’ s lofty standards .
the current lightweight champion is no stranger to having the odds against him , in fact , he thrives on it . nate began training at the young age of 14 . at 135 lbs . soaking wet along with a big red afro , just about everyone broke into laughter when they heard of nate ’ s intentions to become a wrestler . as it turns out , it would be the perennial underdog who would have the last laugh . since he started his training , nate has blossomed into one of southern california ’ s most dynamic and talented in - ring performers . he recently helped wwe ’ s best prepare for their wrestlemania 21 matches as he participated in the pre - mania workouts sessions . he has also been on the road with hall of famer , rowdy roddy piper . now he finds himself the upw lightweight champion after scoring the biggest win of his career . it is now on to the next challenge , proving that he is a deserving champion . nate made it clear that he would be a fighting champion who will take on the best lightweight challengers in and out of
upw . he will have a chance to do just that when he defends the gold against davie richards at meltdown . richards who has wrestled matches for wwe , tna , nwa , pwg , and other promotions will bring his skills and wealth of experience into a upw ring for the first time . will nate silence his critics with a successful defense , or will richards capture lightning in a bottle and the upw lightweight championship in his upw debut ? regardless , this should be a very competitive title match .
skulu and predator clash in a battle of upw ’ s big men !
while nate and richards will most likely put on a clinic when it comes to high - flying and scientific wrestling , don ’ t expect too much in the way of finesse as two of upw ’ s biggest and most popular superstars lock horns in this “ colossal jostle ” ! both men have gleaming win / loss records in upw . as a result , it is very difficult to pick a favorite in this one . both have become international stars in japan . predator is in the best condition of his life as he has been training for mixed martial arts competition as part of valor fighting . if the match goes past the five - minute mark , predator may have the advantage due to conditioning . countering that is the fact that skulu will have no less than 30 family members and friends on hand to cheer him on . will this be enough to inspire the powerful polynesian to pick up a very rare victory over predator ? make sure you are on hand to find out !
japan ’ s sumie sakai makes upw debut @ meltdown !
as a special added bonus attraction , one of the most respected and impressive female performers from japan , sumie sakai will make her upw debut at the galaxy . this is another example of how upw is working to showcase the skills of many of the world ’ s greatest grapplers for its dedicated southern california fans . over the years upw has brought in the likes of ohtani , tanaka , hoshikowa , konnan , psicosis , juventud guerrera , the late great shinya hashimoto , and many more . no word yet on who sakai will battle in her debut match .
all
tickets only $ 15
tickets
on sale now :
the galaxy box office ( 714 - 957 - 0600 ) , ticketmaster outlets and
ticketmaster . com
featuring
appearances by
featuring
in in ring action :
the masterpiece
chris masters
frankie
kazarian
sakoda
hardkore
kidd
jesus aguilera
upw
heavyweight champion
tom howard
- vs -
luther
horshu reigns
skulu
- vs -
the
predator
old
school
oliver
john
- vs -
joey
ryan
upw
lightweight champion
lil ' nate
- vs -
davie richards
scott
lost
- vs -
antonio mestre
upw
tag team champions
the ballard brothers
- vs -
the southside g ' s
triple
threat tag team match
tommy wilson
shawn riddik
the good guys
lionheart
the human tornado
also
featuring in in - ring action :
ma ' koa
andrew hellman
card
subject to change
featuring
a live musical performance by :
tijuana
bullfight ' s official website
listen
to a sample of
tijuana bullfight :
stream
lo - fi mp 3
stream
hi - fi mp 3
mp 3
streams courtesy of cdbaby . com
wednesday , july 20 th , 2005
8 : 00 pm
all
tickets only $ 15
tickets
on sale now :
the galaxy box office ( 714 - 957 - 0600 ) , ticketmaster
outlets and ticketmaster . com
to
be removed from the upw mailing list , please send a blank email with
remove in the subject field to news @ upw . com
