Subject: mutual work
hello . i hope this message has successfully reached the
webmaster , who i purported to contact .
it is possible that one of my colleagues or i have contacted you
before . did you receive any of our messages ?
my name is aleksandra fedorova , i ' m from st . petersburg , russia .
and i would like to share my ideas on how we can cooperate together
for our mutual profits . i hope it will be of interest to you .
it is generally known that good quality at a reasonable price is
the best solution to one ' s needs , right ?
i could get you in contact with our developers from russia and
ukraine , who are professionals in their domain and who will offer
you their web design services and do your work at the costs much
lower than those your clients pay you locally ( or do you pay for
web design yourself ? ) , and i want to stress that their work is of
a professional quality . in addition , they will be happy to help
you with programming , graphic and flash design , content development ,
translations , etc .
if you are a web designer yourself , then you will be able to accept
more orders at once , receiving a good benefit from each and devoting
yourself only to the work which interests you most . alternatively ,
you can have all of your it - projects realized and your existing web
sites improved and updated at the low costs : from $ 15 - not very
urgent project ; $ 19 , 5 - professional work with not so urgent terms
and $ 25 per hour - vip level - our developers deliver the projects
supervised by professional service with best quality in limited
terms . they will do their best to meet your requirements , deadlines
and , furthermore , they are available online 24 / 6 .
our developers are ready to talk to you about any web possibilities
right now , have a look at your web site and propose the improvements
to it or build you a new one . please , see their sample works at
http : / / www . omksee . com / samples . shtml and review the comments from our
customers at http : / / www . omksee . com / references . shtml .
i beleive , you will agree that if we repeat some activities over and
over , it is very important to reach a high level of automation , which
we did . an automatic system of control will increase the efficiency
of your work , as well as your profits . the necessary software has
already been developed , maybe you are just unaware of its existence .
if you are interested in speeding up your everyday routine business
activities , please ask me , and i will give you an advice .
so what do you think ? do you find such a cooperation interesting ?
thank you very much for your time ,
aleksandra fedorova
aleksa @ imksee . com
p . s . in case you already have an it project , please let me know its
details . our developers will get back to you with a cost and time
estimation .