Subject: two stocks you should own
quest oil corporation ' s mission is to optimize the development of oil gas resources out of its petroleum licenses in order to create the greatest value for its shareholders . quest oil intends to accomplish this by managing the exploration process and only incorporating joint venture partners to execute our predetermined exploitation strategy . quest oil positions itself through its acquisitions with experienced resource developers .
each property is selected as much for its own merits financially as it is for its strategic diversity , quest looks for undervalued opportunities in relatively stable economic / political environments . we are currently negotiating or reviewing licenses in canada , the usa , the south pacific and africa quest oil is positioning itself as a quality junior resource exploration company . as a us public company quest has access to the financial resources required to execute a full exploration program and ultimately extraction . http : / / www . questoil . com
quest oil corporation ( quest or the company ) ( qoil ) announces it has entered into an agreement to purchase the hawkeye field , located in eastland county , texas . lease documents are being recorded in eastland county , texas .
the hawkeye field comprises 4 leases totaling 483 acres , with a total of 95 wells , 48 of these wells are capable of producing with remedial work . additionally , there are 34 injection wells , 3 water supply wells and 10 temporarily abandoned wells . production occurs from the shallow adams branch limestone in the canyon group at a depth of approximately 1 , 100 ft .
purchase price for the leases and the wells is $ 90 , 000 with an estimated capex of $ 240 , 000 , which entails the work - over of the lease tank battery and the wells . production rate is estimated at 175 bopd . average projected net revenue , after lease operating expense and taxes at $ 50 / barrel , is approximately $ 15 , 000 , 000 over the life of the project with an estimated pvl 0 value of $ 6 , 000 , 000 . this is based on a 75 % average net revenue interest to quest oil . these figures are just for the shallow adams branch pay zone . the underlying formations could easily quadruple these figures .
cameron king , quest ceo , said , the acquisition of the hawkeye field ' s producing assets marks a first step for quest and its strategy to become a major player in the barnett shale along with xto energy , chief , carrizo oil and gas and eog and devon . quest intends to maximize production by drilling horizontal wells in the barnett with a lateral reach of 2000 to 3000 feet . utilizing horizontal wells , each well is capable of a eur of 1 to 2 . 5 bcf of gas .
on behalf of smsmobility , inc . ( pink sheets : smso ) ( the company ) president rod burns , is pleased to report that the company has negotiated an interest in a existing saltwater disposal well located in the medicine hat , alberta area .
with the recent rise in oil and gas prices there has been a significant increase in production , especially in the re - initiation of wells that were previously considered uneconomical due to high water production . in the alberta oil and gas fields it is quite common to encounter ratios of 10 : 1 of water to oil production . the water produced represents a significant environmental hazard and special care , equipment , and personnel are required to deal with this byproduct of the production process .
the company has secured the services of an operator who has had 40 years experience in the oil and gas industry with 7 years experience with the specific well that smsmobility / star petroleum has acquired an interest in . as the regulatory scrutiny is quite onerous , this will insure a well - run , compliant operation that will insure a very attractive profit margin for the project .
with the ready availability of disposal water and the close proximity to a large client base , the project will be ready to commence operations in a very short timeframe . once operations commence , cash flow will be immediate with the potential for considerable growth and a long - term contribution .
this represents a very low - risk point of entry for the company which will generate an immediate contribution to revenue and cash flow . further , the location of the operations will put us within a core area of interest which we have identified for oil gas development opportunities , said mr . burns . additional details will be released in a timely manner as the project proceeds , he concluded .
this press release contains statements , which may constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933 and the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward - looking statements . important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward - statements include fluctuation of operating results , the ability to compete successfully and the ability to complete before - mentioned transactions . the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward - looking statements to reflect changed assumptions , the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results .
smsmobility , inc . rod burns , p . eng . ( 403 ) 804 - 1063
safe harbor statement
this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . estockquest is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . estockquest assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in smco ' s financial or operating condition . as estockquest has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . estockquest accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . smco will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars for the transmission of this message . estockquest and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein .
estockquest 1426 15 th ave . north texas city , tx 77590 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
