Subject: 7 20 05 - efilm market online ( www . efilmonline . com ) is proud to
feature the following entertainment products
efilm market online ( www . efilmonline . com ) is proud to feature the following entertainment
products for july 20 , 2005 :
the coat room
produced by :
untitled productions
genre : sex comedy
status : completed ready for delivery
logline :
museum is not
responsible for items checked
running time :
99 minutes
director :
jason f . gilbert
producer :
jason f . gilbert
cast : edgar b . herwick iii claire bromwell jessica graham chris keener
patrick
carrico
synopsis : james hates his life , his job and his girlfriend . in a vain
attempt to sober up and make a numb life for himself , he takes a job in the
philadelphia museum of art . his first day on the job he ' s placed in the coat
room with claire , whose sarcastic and hardened personality manages to pierce
james ' lifeless veneer . james ' budding crush on the young woman is enough to
rope him into a series of scams she has planned for the day in order to make
enough money to move away .
under an onslaught of odd museum patrons
and caricatures of the young and hip art crowd , james is powerless to ease the
awful pain of existence in a rhetorical world . claire ' s life of impulsive
action without thought forces james to confront both her lies and his own . does
james have what it takes to change his life ? can he find a reason to exist in
this overwhelmingly futile world ?
to
view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid = 182
pak pak pakaak
distributed by :
soc films pvt . ltd .
produced by :
soc films pvt . ltd .
genre : family comedy
status : completed ready for delivery
logline :
the most prestigious
marathi blockbuster in recent times marks the return of nana patekar to marathi
cinema after a 20 yr . sabbatical and a sterling performance by young saksham
kulkarni .
running time :
2 hrs . 15 mins .
auction details
title : pak pak pakaak
distributor : soc films pvt . ltd .
available territories : all territories
available rights : theatrical
start time : 2005 - 06 - 27 11 : 06 : 35
end time : 2005 - 07 - 27 11 : 06 : 35
director : gautam
joglekar
producer :
aashish rego
cast : nana patekar saksham kulkarni
synopsis chikhloo , a twelve - year - old orphan stays in village mangalpada
with his grandmother . his fellow villagers thought they could rag him since he
was just a small , helpless orphan . in order to counter their vile intentions , chikhloo was
forced to resort to defense tactics . he soon learnt that offense is the best
form of defense . he also realized that he possesses an inborn talent for
mischief , and soon , what had begun as a mere means of survival , turned into
divine enjoyment for chikhloo . now he thrives on causing tremendous angst to
the villagers , and they have become his sworn enemies . alas ,
chikhloo is only half of the villagersõ worries . their other nemesis is bhutya ,
the dreaded ghost that haunts the jungles surrounding the village . in
mangalpada , every adversityé be it epidemic , accident , or deathé is attributed
to be bhutyaõs doing . they even deem chikhloo to be an incarnate of bhutya
himself . ?why not ? ó thinks chikhloo . if he joined forces with bhutya ,
he would have an upper hand in his war against the villagers . and chikhloo sets
off into the jungles to meet bhutya . chikhloo meets bhutya and finds him to be not so scary after
all . citing the villagers to be their common enemy , he lays before the ghost of
the jungle , a profound proposal of partnership . awed and amused by the boyõs
gall , bhutya agrees to be chikhlooõs friend and to help him teach the villagers
a lesson they would never forget . what follows is a heart - warming narrative of
the warm friendship that develops between the boy and the ghost . and boy , are
the villagers of manglapada in for a shock ? ? ?
notes : this film
has opened to rave reviews and full houses in maharashtra , india .
audio : t - series
india video - video palace
overseas
video , satellite and terrestrial open
to
view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid = 181
cliff house compilations
distributed by :
cliff house
productions
produced by :
cliff house
productions
genre : short subject ( 30 minutes or less )
status : completed ready for delivery
logline :
who says it takes
big bucks to make good movies ? six short films by filmmakers from sf to boston
prove it ainõt so .
running time :
119 minutes
director :
david lewis gabriel tolliver christopher lyman brown mike
cavanaugh phillip bissada
producer :
margaret beima diane barberini
cliff house
productions started with the idea that the short film should not be a calling
card to hollywood , but the end product of the independent filmmaker ' s vision
and labor in and of itself . this video compilation of short films includes
dance for two by phillip bissada , baby oil by mike
cavanaugh , america : forever a rebel by christopher lyman brown ,
soup by mike cavanaugh , connects by gabriel tolliver
and kings of the mountain by david lewis .
to
view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid = 180
songshoy ( the dilemma )
distributed by :
sri ganesh
productions ( kolkata )
produced by :
sri ganesh
productions ( kolkata )
genre : family drama
status : in post production ( 10 wks to
completion )
running time :
120 min
director : saibal mitra
producer :
avijit banerjee
cast : kunal mitra rituparna sengupta jiyan mitra sudipta
chakraborty
synopsis : the film revolves around four characters within a span of seven
days in a hill resort in north bengal . anita , a widow with her 6 years old son
bubai , shyamal , a doctor liberated and ambitious and maitrayee , an orthodox
leftwing activist represent four corners of a ôspaceõ where a sense of dilemma
exists in each individual .
it is a confusing
situation for these characters who want to explore the escape route from a
conformist bengali society to a modern global free society that is emerging in
india . nobody knows whether the journey will be successful or doomed for anita
and her son . they meet one another head - on within a cloistered atmosphere of
the hill resort to assert their point of views and in the web of confusions , a
tragedy strike .
now , do they
continue to explore the escape route ? do they get back to where they belong ?
screening format : - 4 : 3
language : - bengali ( english sub - title )
to view full
listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid = 179
route 66 roadtrip through america
genre : episodic documentary
status : in post production ( 8 wks to
completion )
logline :
take the ride of a
lifetime route 66 roadtrip through america
running time :
60 minutes
director :
jim roche
producer :
jim roche
cast : folks that live on 6
synopsis :
interesting
interviews and attractions along historic route 66 filmed in road trip style .
would also
consider selling raw footage .
to
view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid = 177
derby
distributed by :
alpine pictures , inc . ( sales agent )
produced by :
tite - belt
productions , llc .
genre : family drama
status : in development
logline :
twelve year - old
?bobbyó ( daryl sabara ) who , in the wake of losing his family in an accident , is
taken in by his aunt and uncle who live in a small town where soap box racing
is the sport of choice for local youth
director : oliver robins
producer :
oliver robins dino
ladki
cast : daryl sabara
synopsis : ?bobbyó ( daryl sabara ) who , in the
wake of losing his family in an accident , is taken in by his aunt and uncle who
live in a small town where soap box racing is the sport of choice for local
youth . his new guardians , however , disapprove of the pastime . so , despite
warnings of danger , the boy befriends a recluse vietnam veteran and former soap
box derby champion who mentors him and teaches him the ways of soap box racing
while also helping him deal with the loss of his parents .
daryl sabara starred in the ?spy kidsó trilogy grossed over $ 430
million worldwide , released theatrically by dimension . sabaraõs other credits
include ?the polar expressó and the nbc / dreamworks series , ?father of the
pride . ó most recently daryl starred in ?lucky 13 ó , alongside jeremy piven ,
daryl hannah and richard benjamin to be released theatrically by disney
studios .
the production is set to be shot this august in new mexico with
an anticipated 2006 theatrical release . dino ladki is casting and will also
associate produce . the filmõs sale agent is alpine pictures international . the
rights for the motion picture are currently still available in all territories .
project seeks financing .
contact : derbythemovie @ yahoo . com
to view full listing :
what
is efilm market online ?
efilm
market online
is your chance to retain up to 97 % of what your title grosses in worldwide
sales .
efilm market online cuts out the middle man , and lets buyers contact you
directly through efilm ' s auction and promotional services . in other words , it
brings sellers and buyers together , from the comfort of their own chairs .
seller , or buyer , you make the deals yourselves . at efilm
market online , you are your own salesperson , and , yes - - the end result will be
that film sellers will retain up to 97 % of what their film grosses . there
are no hidden expenses that eat up potential profits .
there are no markets to wait for , or to travel to . efilm is on line all
the time . for as little as $ 35 . 00 a month * , you can get your films sold now .
preview a film , screenplay or tv title , and its associated trailers , posters ,
synopsis , story and even full length screeners of a film . you can even
use efilm to use our patent pending interface to create auctions for each
worldwide territory to sell those rightsjust as you would at the offline
film markets .
take a few minutes to get to know us . visit us at :
www . efilmonline . com
it ' s easy to use , so get started now . this is the newest way to buy a
film , or sell a film . this is a way for you to view product that you
might not have had the chance to see . efilm market online is here . and now .
efilm market online ?the digital film
marketplaceó
www . efilmonline . com
e - mail us :
customerservice @ efilmonline . com
( 760 ) 602 - 9979
( 760 ) 602 - 9229 [ fax ]
* visit us at
www . efilmonline . com to see a full description of our cost saving rates
.
to unsubscribe , please email customerservice @ efilmonline . com
and write in header , ?unsubscribeó .
