Subject: wavescribe international ready for rapid growth !
otc bargains
wavescribe international
corporation
otcbb : wsbl ob
current share price - 0 . 06
outstanding - 10 million
the right choice for the smart investor
wavescribe international corporation is a national and international dictation and transcription product and service solutions provider for the document production / transcription industry . wavescribe has several divisions to address industry - specific demands for such specialties as healthcare , med - legal , education and entertainment .
wavescribe offers the first web - based transcription software that was designed , developed , and deployed by transcriptionists . documents created through
wavescribe have a 128 - bit security encryption , hippa and privacy law compliance . access to a medical or legal transcribed document for editing , reprints , updates , 24 hours a day in a simplified and cost - effective manner to handle the task of document control is now available . the wavescribe platform requires no software to purchase , and installation on to a specific pc is not needed . the
transcriptionist utilizing the platform can use several methods to create documents such as uploading existing documents and / or formats while maintaining the
traditional methods of transcription such as analog tapes , digital tapes , handheld devices , phone in rerecorded or pushed and even computer generated methods . in addition , future advances include speech - to - text and net / web ( documents created on a private network automatically stored and accessible on the internet platform )
" the future of word processing / document production will require no software , no installation , no upgrades and will be easy to learn . documents will be databased and searchable . access to files can be limited to an individual or given to staff anywhere in the world . production groups can create documents from handwritten paper or varying dictation sources . it will be an internet - based platform with documents available online . it will change the way we create , access , edit , manage , and archive volume documentation , " says wavescribe president cris bahar , " and we believe that the wavescribe software reflects this future . "
" mt ' s love using wavescribe because they find it easier than ever to access voice files thereby increasing their productivity and their income , " added wavescribe president cris bahar . " transcription companies and end user clients love wavescribe because it gives them unprecedented control of their transcription process and total accountability . "
because of demonstrated need for this type of product and the shortcomings of current industry services and methods , the target markets for this application are broad , extensive and lucrative and include the medical , legal , research , entertainment , and educational industries ; anyone that works with a large volume of documents . transcription services offered across a broad spectrum have included web conferences , special events , speeches , corporate meetings , business plans , lectures , interviews , resumes and educational documents . the size of individual target markets varies significantly , however , as an example , the medical transcription industry is estimated at approximately six billion dollars , and the legal transcription industry is estimated at more than twice the size of medical . wavescribe international ( pink sheets : wsbl ) , providers of on - demand internet word processor wavescribe , continues to emphasize the importance and size of the medical transcription market . recently , speech recognition solution provider scansoft ( nnms : ssft ) acquired the transcription platform provider medremote in a deal valued at more than $ 12 million in stock and cash .
the healthcare industry spends approximately $ 15 billion annually on transcription production . wavescribe understands the magnitude of this and seeks to capture at least 1 % of this growing market , translating into at least $ 150 million in annual revenue . wavescribe president and ceo cris bahar stated , " we understand why scansoft would make this move . it ' s a natural course for them to pursue and validates what we have said for quite some time . wavescribe continues to stress the importance of the medical transcription industry in our on - demand world . hence , wavescribe ' s on - demand word processing platform and services encompass the medical transcription industry in addition to other fields that require mass document processing such as general business , legal and lectures on a global basis rather than only u . s . based . "
why invest in wavescribe corp .
we believe wavescribe has gone unoticed by small cap investors . the share structure , technology , management and potential revenues of this company make this stock extremely undervalued . what should this share price be ? the value of this company is hard to calculate at this time , but considering the above factors , we feel that this stock should be trading in the . 50 range . we consider wsbl to be a tremendous otc bargain .
disclaimer
otc bargains is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented here is not an offer to buy or sell securities . sinceotc bargains has received this information from sources other than the company , there is no representation , warranty , or guarantee as to the accuracy of the information contained herein . otc bargains contains forward looking statements , and the company ' s actual results may differ materially . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may unsultable for all but very agressive investors . otc bargainsmay hold positions in the stock and may buy or sell at any time , which may affect the share price . the profile of wsbl is a paid advertisement by a third party shareholder to otc bargains in the amount offive thousand dolars . the target price was determined arbitrarily and may fluctuate , please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions .
otc bargains 601 evans st . shelbyville , tn 37162 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .
