Subject: check this profile
* * * * watch this one july 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * *
. . . breaking news out . . .
strong b - u - y issued july 17 at market close
make sure you keep your eyes glued on uaig starting thursday .
ua international group ,
symbol : uaig
current price : . 60
would you be happy with $ 1 . 5 o by friday ? ? ? ?
major financial news was released
ua international signs agreement with ukrauto concern
thursday july 14 , 5 : 0 o pm et
kiev , ukraine - - ( business wire ) - - july 14 , 20 o 5 - - ua international group ,
ltd .
( pink sheets : uaig - news ) , a ukrainian water and electrical
infrastructure ,
delivery and real estate development company , today announced that it
has
entered into an agreement with ukrauto concern , a ukrainian company
that
maintains the distribution rights to import and sell automobiles from
the
korean automobile manufacturer , daewoo , the japanese nissan , and the
usa
based general motors brand , chevrolet . ua international group will
provide
heat and electricity to ukrauto concern .
vitaly zhygun , president of ua international group , ltd . commented : " we
are
pleased to continue winning bids to supply crucial infrastructure
development and services to commercial businesses in ukraine . ukrauto
concern is a major importer of automobiles to ukraine , and we are
pleased
that they have chosen ua international group subsidiary kyivenergomash
as a
key supplier of their electrical infrastructure and energy needs . "
about ua international group : based in kiev , ukraine , ua international
group
is a water and electricity infrastructure , delivery and real estate
development company . management believes that the company is well
positioned
to show significant growth in sales and profits in the months and years
ahead . specializing in water treatment , delivery , filtration , drilling ,
sewage and electrical infrastructure , delivery and maintenance , uaig is
in
position to become the prime service company in ukraine .
americans have watched the real - estate market go absolutely bonkers .
some
worry that it might come to an end real soon . while some of you are
still
thinking , others are taking their monies where they think the same sort
of
boom is just beginning .
information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts "
within
the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section
21 b
of
thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or
invo
lve
discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs ,
plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events
or
performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward
looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on
expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are
made
that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause
actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently ant
icipated .
forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through
the
use
of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti
cipates , "
" esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements
indicating
certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include
general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire
and
deve lop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in
consumer
and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the
company
has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not
represent
that the informa tion contained in this message states all material
facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not
misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to
inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information
provi
ded and
not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all
readers
and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur
ities
repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as
any
kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies
are on
the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in
this
stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you
invest .
the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis
or .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or
invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 ,
section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six
hundred
thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an
officer , director
or
affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware
of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to
the
fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the
party
that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime
without
notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock ,
causing
you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat
hered fr
om
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company
websites
and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli
eves
this
informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy
or
comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your
accepta nce of these terms .