Subject: exactseek - verify your site submission
the following url was submitted to exactseek . com :
http : / / www . datapest . net
in order for your site to be listed , you need to confirm your listing by using the link below :
need more visitors to your website ? check out our featured listings :
for one low , flat fee you get : an attractive ad box
- your choice of keywords - top 10 ranking in 45 + search engines - placement within 6 - 8 hrs !
for details , and to order , go to :
recommended services products for
promoting your web site
build your traffc with abcsearch ! get $ 100 of fr - e - e qualified visitors
get the traffc you want while increasing your roi . sign - up today and we will match any initial deposit up to $ 100 .
geo - targeting , full reporting and results at the clck of a button !
get going at : http : / / www . abcsearch . com / advertisersplash . html
start earning a residualincome with your website !
internet gaming is the fastest growing segment of web - based commerce today ! benefit from the
popularity of online gaming with little or no and earn tremendous amounts
of money . you can expect to earn 20 % to 40 % of the profts off each new player . signup for fre
at : http : / / www . vipprofits . com
guaranteed top placement on mamma . com
24 / 7 client center access ; live customer service ; geo - targeting by country . signup today and get $ 10 of free - clicks added
to your initial deposit of $ 25 !
http : / / www . mamma . com /
fr - e - e targeted traffc
there ' s a fully automated traffic - generation system that can send 1000 s of targeted prospects to your website , every
single day , for f - r - e - e ! it takes just 5 minutes to set it up , and it ' s totally " viral " . . . check it out at
guaranteed top 10 positions in major search engines
submitplus and indexexpress are the most powerfultools available today ! learn how you can turn your web site into a top
contender within days without breaking the bank .
http : / / www . submitplus . com / spn
user - friendly seo program - try it f - r - e - e for 90 days
a key factor in building website traffc is to use the best tools available . exactseek ' s seo solution gives you
immediate access to 7 effective optimization tools . get higher ranking on the top global search engines starting today .
http : / / www . exactseek . com / seotools . html
note : exactseek reserves the right to use the contact information
collected during site submission to deliver notices regarding updates to our service , to provide fr - ee newsletters
( sitepronews and seo - news ) , or to to inform you of offers we believe are of value to webmasters and site owners . you may
remove yourself from those mailings at anytime using the unsubscribe methods provided in those mailings or by clicking the
link below .
use this link to stop further mailings
note : using the above link will result in future site submissions being blocked . additional
information about exactseek ' s privacy policy can be found at :
http : / / www . exactseek . com / privacy . html
or contact us by mail at : jayde online , inc . , suite 190 23 - 845 dakota street , winnipeg , mb canada r 2 m 5 m 3 .
