Subject: confirmdential urgent assistance transaction . . .
confirmdential urgent assistance transaction . . .
family email : princeyengeni 2001 @ yahoo . co . uk princeyengenil 999 @ yahoo . co . uk
( + 31 ) 623 - 913 - 561
dear sir / madam .
this mail surely will come to you as a suprise , from a total stranger you
dont know & i dont know you like - wise . i got your contact through a personal
research from the internetwho was the chairman of parliament : in south africa
& the former chief s o h . p : of the ruling party ( s . p . p . o ) my brother ( mr tony
yengeni ) has as a result of trust & confidence , mandated me to search for a
reliable & trust worthy foriegn partner abroad , who will help us recieve some
funds which we have in cash totalling us $ 9 m ( nine million united states dollars )
into a personal company or any reliable foriegn account for safe keeping
for a short period , because our bank accounts within & outside the country
have all be frozen by the authorities of our country in connection to the
crimes , my brother / mr : t : yengeni ) is been faced with . ( i would refer you to
a few websites for further information about my brother )
shamefully , my brother & rest members of the family are suffering , when a good
number of persons secretly benefitted from this deals , including from the
presidency , but he was betrayed & now been used as a scape goat .
however , i have managed to push the money ( us $ 9 m ) abroad & its presently in
the custody of a private finance / security company in europe , which requires
to be transferred urgently for safe keeping before it is been discovered & frozen , considering
the nature at which the money came about , because the continued existences & survival
of my family solely depends on this money : this is why i need your help now ! ! !
i hope you are trust worthy enough to help me fascilitate this transfer ? ? ?
or am i being stupid ? well i absolutely guess not ! because my family cannot
afford to face another sad , shameful & sorrowful effect of betrayal again this
time please ! ! !
nevertheless , when you will recieve this money . the total sum will be shared
as follows : 30 % for you : my family takes 65 % : then the remaining 5 % will be
used for the reimbursement of all the unfore - seen expenses you may incure
during your assistance e . g transportation , hotels or whatever e . t . c . nobody
has to be greedy please , this transaction is not a joke , but rather real .
note , there is neither any risk involved , its risk free : so be rest assurred
that this transaction for the fund will be successful & be recieved by you
upon " proper applications " with full instructions from me on how to go about
it all , with all the neccessary , genuine documents & information from me without
any fear ! ! !
indeed , if you are interested in this business , which i feel you could be
my only / last hope , please urgently contact me on ( + 31 ) 623913561 or princeyengenil 999 @ yahoo . co . uk
please endeavour to keep this business transaction strictly confidential , for
security reasons . . . . . i will be grateful if / when you do ! ! !
i am interested in investing the families 65 % into any legitimate & lucrative
business perhaps in your country after it is been transfferred e . g estate
management or hotel management , can you please advise me ? since its your country , if
its better there or try to negotiate for me on any investment opportunities ! ! !
hoping to hear from you soonest & thanking you for your understanding .
may god bless you .
yours sincerly ,
prince yengeni .
get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99
