Subject: hello .
collins xola ( chief accountant )
dept of minerals sir / madam ,
i decided to write you even though we not are personally acquainted
which is largely due to time factor and the recent directive from
the presidency that all outstanding contractual obligations and
all contracts duly completed be settled before the end of this
quarter and the tension this has generated here .
within the last 3 yrs my two colleagues and i in my ministry
incharge of contract procurement and payment over - invoiced
contracts to the sum $ 30 m and the fund is now ready for
payment into any foreign account - the original contractors have
been paid . all we need from you to successfully transfer the
fund is to sign the contract / transfer documents with the
contract award committee which signing activates the release of
the funds from our ministry ' s foreign account with worldwide
securites in the europe into your account . we as civil
servants are not allowed by law to operate foreign bank accounts
nor make claims as contractors !
if you agree to assist us , we have resolved to allocate 35 percent
to you while the remaining will be for us here bearing in mind
that we are three . i must at this juncture let you know that this
transaction is one hundred percent safe , risk free and legitimate
as long as you do not tell anybody about it . invariably , we
require strict confidentiality having perfected all documents for
a successful transfer . infact , we have documents to show that
your friends here in south africa helped you to procure the contract ,
funded and executed it on your behalf .
due to time constraints and security purposes , you must reply
this email as soon as you can , furnishing me with your phone and
fax numbers for easy access . please feel free to ask any
questions as i am ready to explain any aspect you do not
understand .
yours faithfully ,
collins xola
this mail emanates from the accounts department in the
mineralia centre - a department of federal ministry of
mines & energy south africa . please delete if received
in error or notify us : accounts @ mines - power . com
