Subject: tomorrow ' s alert . homeland security technology offers 30 % share dividend .
the center
for homeland and global security reports that governments around the world will
spend an estimated $ 572 billion for homeland security by 2005
hstj is positioning itself for a piece of that
large pie with a dream team leading the way . please watch this one
closely .
* * * stock radar breaking news * * *
set for price and momentum alert
tomorrow , wednesday aug 18
our last recommendation , ( otc
bb : vper ) took off like a rocket . hopefully , you participated and
watched . here is our most current selection :
homeland security technology , inc . ( hstj ) is a
developmental stage company focused in three core areas :
1 . providing security
consulting training for the military , law enforcement and the private
sector
2 . manufacturing military hardware and gear for combat situations
3 . developing advanced technology involving armaments , munitions , targeting and
survellaince system for urban warfare
today ' s news
homeland security technology , inc . announces 30 % share dividend
tuesday , august 17 , 6 : 00
am et
del mar , ca - - ( market wire ) - - aug 17 , 2004 - - homeland
security technology inc . corp . ( other otc : hstj . pk - news ) announced today that
the company will issue a 30 % ( thirty percent ) share dividend to shareholders of
record at the market close on september 30 th , 2004 .
shareholders have been very supportive of our company ' s
business initiatives and should be further attracted to our company as the
result of this share dividend , commented ernest remo , ceo of hstj .
( partial clip of the news just released . please go to
yahoo or any financial site to read this news now ! )
hst has recently formed a joint
venture licensing agreement with recon mountaineer , llc . this license
establishes the foundation for hst to offer combat trauma bag ctb to the us armed forces .
combat trauma bag ( ctb ) overview
the ctb has been battle tested in afghanistan and iraq by corpsman of the lstmarine division . the
ctb is constructed of 1000 denier cordura and master designed to meet or
exceed all requirements and demands of our field medical professionals . the
versatility and rugged construction of the ctb has made the first responder more
efficient when assessing and taking care of casualties .
management has received orders and
commitments for approximately 500
units and is projecting wide scale deployment of the cbt for numerous
military operations after field evaluations have been completed .
2005 homeland security market
recent press reports have indicated that president bush has proposed a 14 . 4 %
increase in spending for the department of homeland security to $ 47 . 4 billion .
the request for total military spending was slated at 402 . 6 billion . highlights
of the 2005 budget include :
$ 3 . 2 billion for future combat systems an army program
developing military gear for soldier to use in combat situations .
$ 890 million was budgeted for aviation security measures
such as bomb detection machines and air marshal training .
the justice department is to receive a 242 % budgetary
increase from 2001 levels to $ 22 billion for counter - terrorism and homeland
defense efforts allocating more than 2 , 600 fbi agents for counter - terrorism
efforts .
lieutenant general emil r .
buck bedard ( usmc ret ) joins homeland security technology inc . ' s
military advisory board
general bedard has continuously been a source of advice on
combat operations , preparation for combat , and combat leadership . his
philosophy has always been centered on vigilance and maintenance of a fighting
posture for the fight that is coming now , not tomorrow . he was proven correct
on 9 / 11 . the general evacuated his office in the pentagon , following the
terrorist strike , and immediately began to direct marine corps operations from
his alternate command center in headquarters marine corps . his combat
experience in viet nam , desert storm , and somalia has always been in the center of the fight .
the general has an instinctive understanding of what is required to maintain
security at all levels to include the homeland , which has been his focus since
retiring from the marine corps . the general ' s presence on the mtab will provide
hst with invaluable steering guidance and connectivity to the pulse of homeland
defense .
homeland
security technology inc . ' s military advisory board adds former navy fighter
pilot and former fbi sniper ronnie
frigulti and kit lavell on board to provide expert direction to hst ' s homeland
security business
hst ' s founder colonel powers
added , the addition of ron frigulti and kit lavell to the military
technical advisory board maintains connectivity to the needs and desires of
first responders in both the homeland security and military sector of the
market . our association with the trainers enables us to test evolving concepts
in realistic venues with the operators who will benefit from the technology .
about homeland security technology , inc . ( hst ) hst ,
inc . is a developmental stage company based in north county san diego trading
under the ticker symbol ( other otc : hstj . pk - news ) . hst ' s mission is to
develop and commercialize technology focused on providing increased security
for both civilian and military personnel throughout the world . under the
leadership of colonel jeffrey a . powers usmc ( ret ) , hst seeks to assemble a
portfolio of technology and services through alliances with established
defense - related companies and through internal development that can be brought
to market in a cost - efficient and timely manner . hsti recently entered into an
alliance with recon mountaineer , llc . , an oceanside , ca . - based designer and manufacturer of
military combat gear for the united states armed forces .
do your due diligence right
now . make sure you check all recent news releases and become familiar
with this company . keep your eye on it starting wed . we have issued
a strong alert so don ' t miss watching this one !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forward
looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities
act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of
words such as projects , foresee , expects ,
will , anticipates , estimates ,
believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might
occur . sr does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within
this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as
information provided and not investment advice . sr advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the
publisher of sr is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not
view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be
referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would
need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be
no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never
indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort should be
completed prior to investing . past performance is never indicative of
future results . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , sr
discloses the promise of one million free trading shares by a third party , who
is not an officer or director of the company for the circulation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement . we will
sell our free trading shares at anytime without notice . this could have an
adverse impact on the stock price . all factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites ,
sec filings and company press releases . sr believes this information to be
reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of
the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms
removal services , inc . 1771 post road east # 342 westport , ct 06880
