Subject: personal contact
from the desk of : mr paolo abate .
banca intesa , torino agenzia 3 , piazza della repubblica , torino
italy .
alternative email address : p _ abate 3 @ virgilio . it
i am mr . paolo abate , manager of banca intesa private banking sector , torino agenzia 3 , torino ,
italy .
what i wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand
something . on june 6 , 1999 , mr . richard smith came to our bank to engage in business
discussions with our private banking division . he informed us that he had a financial portfolio
of 5 . 7 million usd , which he wished to have us turn over ( invest ) on his behalf .
based on the investment , we spun the money around which with accrued profit and interest stood
at over 6 . 5 million united states dollars . in mid 2001 , he asked that the money be liquidated
because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in antwerp . he directed
that i liquidate the funds and have it deposited with a firm in brussels . i informed him that
banca intesa would have to make special arrangements to have this don and in order not to
circumvent due process ; the bank would have to make a 9 . 5 % deduction from the funds to cater
for banking and statutory charges . he complained about
the charges but later came around when i explained to him the complexities
of the task he was asking of us . cash movement across boarders has
become especially strict since the incidents of 9 / 11 . i contacted my affiliate in brussels and
had the funds available in main land europe . i undertook all the processes and made sure i
followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited at the uk based
security consultancy firm . mr . richard . smith told me he wanted the money there in anticipation
of his arrival from norway later that week . this was the last communication we had , this
transpired around 25 th october 2001 . in june later year , we got a call from uk based firm
informing us about the inactivity of that particular portfolio . this was an astounding position
as far as i was concerned ; given the fact that i managed the private banking sector i was the
only one
who knew about the deposit at uk based firm and i could not understand
why mr . richard . had not come forward to claim his deposit . i made futile efforts
to locate mr . richard no success , four weeks later , information
started to trickle in , apparently mr . richard smith was dead .
a person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in cannes , south of
france . we were soon able to identify the body and cause of death was confirmed . the bank
immediately launched an investigation into possible
surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward
to claim his estate . i mr . richard smith died in testate . this bank has spent great amounts of
money trying to track this man ’ s family ; they have investigated for months and have found no
family .
the investigation has come to an end . my proposal ; i am prepared to place you in a position to
instruct uk based firm to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation .
upon receipt of the deposit , i am prepared to share the money with
you in half . that is : i will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them
release the deposit to you . we share the proceeds 50 / 50 .
i would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me , but that
would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the deposit .
i assure you that i could have the deposit released to you within a few days . i will simply
inform the bank of the final closing of the file relating to mr . richard . i will then
officially communicate with uk based firm and instruct them to release the deposit to you . with
these two things : all is done . the alternative would be for us to have uk based firm direct the
funds to another bank with you as account holder . this way there will be no need for you to
think of receiving the money from uk we can fine - tune this based on our interactions . i am
aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if you find no interest in this project
that you should discard this mail . i ask that you
do not be vindictive and destructive . if my offer is of no appeal to
you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you
regards
paolo abate .
mail sent from white revolution
- http : / / www . whiterevolution . com