Subject: re : business assistance
dear friend ,
top of the day to you .
you may be surprise to receive this letter from me , since you
don ' tknow me personally ; i am kokayi gamba the first son of
moyo gamba who was recently murdered in a land dispute in
zimbabwe .
i am writing this letter to solicit your assistance and confidentiality to
handle a transfer of fund into a foreign account and i decided to write
you , my late father was among the few black zimbabwean rich farmers
murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president
robert mugabe , for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean
opposition party controlled by the white minority , before my fathers
death , he deposited the sum of twelve million united state dollars
( $ 12 million ) with a security and finance company in johannesburg and he
made the deposit in my name as if he foresaw the looming danger in
zimbabwe .
this money was allocated for the purchase of new machinery and
chemical products for agro allied farm and for the establishment of new
farms in lesotho and swaziland . these land problems arose when president
robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich
white farmers , and the blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi "
adopted by the government . this resulted to rampant killings and mob
action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely more than
three thousands ( 3 , 000 ) people have so far been killed .
heads of government from the west , especially britain and united states
have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plans . subsequently , south
africa development community ( s . a . d . c ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s
new land act , it is against this background that my entire family who are
currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my father ' s
money into a foreign account . as the eldest son of my father , i am saddled
with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this
money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are
tactically freezing our family ' s wealth and south africa government seem
to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing
this money in south africa for the fear of encountering the same
experience in the future , since both countries have the same political
history .
more so , the south africa foreign exchange policy does not allow such
investment , hence i am seeking for political asylum in the netherlands . as
a business person whom i entrusted my future and that of my family into
his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and
the nature of your business does not necessarily matter . for your
assistance , we are offering you 15 % of the sum 80 % for me and my family ,
while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses that we may incurred during
this transaction . we wish to invest our money on commercial properties
based on your advice .
finally , i will demand for assurance that you will not sit on the money
when it gets to the account you are going to provide in your
country .
if this proposal is accepted by you , please confirm by sending me an email .
thank you and god bless you .
awaiting your urgent respond .
best regard ,
kokayi gamba . .
plaats je zoekertjes gratis op advalvas
placez votre petite annonce gratuitement sur advalvas
http : / / www . advalvas . be