Subject: waiting for your reply .
dear sir ,
my name is mr . beye cisse , i am the operational manager in account management section incharge of credit and foreign bills in one of the prime banks here in senegal . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer in my bank who perished with his whole family on 25 th july , 2000 in concorde plane crash [ flight af 4590 ] with the whole passengers on board .
there is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by this great late industrialist who died without a written or oral ' will ' attached to the account . since his death , i personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the owner / manager of his company .
the total amount involved is $ 24 , 000 , 000 . 00 usd . ( twenty four million united states dollar ) . we wish to start the first transfer with $ 12 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twelve million million ) and upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your side , we shall re - apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account .
i have secretly discussed this matter with the general manager of the bank who i must involve in order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to provide . on this note , i decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund for the deceased by providing very good save and reliable bank account where the fund will be transferred for immediate investment on any viable project on which your are going to initiate .
the banking rules and regulation here does not allow such money to stay more than six years without claim hence the money will be recalled to the government treasury as unclaimed after this long period of domancy .
in view of this i got your highly valued contact from international standard organisation directory through my personal search to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a reliable person who will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her personal account . at the conclussion of the transfer 65 % of the fund will be for us , i will give you 20 % of the total transfer sum , 10 % for charity both in africa and in your country while the remaining 5 % will be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process .
upon the receipt of your reply , i will send to you a detailed information about the transaction . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is 100 % risk free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days , after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund for the deceased .
when you receive this letter , kindly send me an e - mail : beye _ cisse @ mail 2 world . com for further clarification . you should also include your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe communication .
yours sincerely ,
mr . beye cisse .