Subject: re : good news - in ^ ~ cr ~ eas _ ^ ed drive and performance
security - enhanced . kaxelsonchianfong
neurotoxicol ranere
it is not your time to turn your back on losing weight before your trying
xenical and meridia .
e , urope . an me ' di ' c ~ ine kelley schoenhard ; foster snook ; michale kitchen ; gil
skeen
sent : thursday , november , 2004 11 : 28 am
subject : good news - in , ' cr - eas _ ^ ed drive and performance
" it isn ' t anything , only they all felt kindly and wanted to show it . tell
the gi ' rl to put it away for your tea . it ' s so simple you can eat it , and
being soft , it will slip down without hurting your sore throat . what a cozy
room this is ! " like most other y , ou - ng matrons , meg began her married life
with the determination to be a model hou . sekeeper . john should find h . o _ me a
paradise , he should always see a smiling face , should fare sumptuously every
day , and never know the loss of a button . she brought so much love , energy ,
and cheerfulness to the work that she could not but succeed , in spite of
some obstacles . her paradise was not a tranquil one , for the little w ^ o ' man
fussed , was over - anxious to please , and b ' ustled about like a true martha ,
c ' u _ mbered with many cares . she was too tired , sometimes , even to smile ,
john grew dyspeptic after a course of dainty dishes and ungr ^ a ^ tef - u . lly
demanded plain fare . as for buttons , she soon lea _ rned to wonder where they
went , to shake her head over the carelessness of men , and to threaten to
make him sew them on himself , and see if his work would stand impatient and
clumsy fingers any better than hers . they were very happy , even after they
discovered that they couldn ' t li ' ve on love alone . john did not find meg ' s
beauty diminished , though she beamed at him from behind the familiar coffee
pot . nor did meg miss any of the romance from the daily parting , when her
husband follo ' wed up his kiss with the tender inquiry , " shall i send some
veal or mutton for dinner , darling ? " the little h - ou ~ se ceased to be a
glorified bower , but it became a h ^ o . me , and the y ^ oung couple soon felt
that it was a change for the better . at first they played keep - h _ ou _ se , and
frolicked over it like children . then john took steadily to business ,
feeling the cares of the head of a family upon his shoulders , and meg laid
by her cambric wrappers , put on a big apron , and fell to work , as before
said , with more energy than discretion .
tesc 12 zmarlych 07 zarabiam lotrzbiurokratyzowac