Subject: repelled , america ' s growth stocks
guadalupe lawrence ,
genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( otcbb : genx )
chinese biotech company producing reconstituted bone xenograft ( rbx )
signs letter of intent to acquire vitamin bl manufacturer that
posted us $ 16 million in revenue for fiscal 2003 and net income of
approximately us $ 3 million
the 10 q which was released on august 16 th showed revenues of
$ 525 , 750 for the quarter ending june 30 th . vs . $ 98 , 763 for the same
period a year ago . net income three months ended june 30 , 2004 :
$ 151 , 904 vs . a loss of $ 3 , 929 for the same period a year ago .
about genex pharmaceutical , inc .
product distributed to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces
genex pharmaceutical , inc . is a biomedical technology company with
distinctive proprietary technology for an orthopedic device that
treats bone - related injuries . headquartered in tianjin , china , the
company manufactures and distributes reconstituted bone xenograft
( rbx ) , to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces throughout mainland china .
rbx is approved by the state food and drug administration ( sfda ) in
china ( the chinese government agency that regulates drugs and
medical devices ) . rbx offers a modern alternative to traditional
methods of treating orthopedic injuries . ( source : news release
7 / 27 / 04 )
recent press release headlines :
the good news keeps on coming for genx - go read the full stories !
* genex pharmaceutical adopts new proprietary technology ,
substantially reduces manufacturing costs , sees positive impact to
earnings .
* genex pharmaceutical signs letter of intent to acquire one of the
world ' s largest producers of vitamin bl .
* genex pharmaceutical sees strong earnings growth for 2004 and 2005 .
* genex pharmaceutical 2 nd quarter revenue up 432 % , gross profit up
380 % , net income soars , sees continued earnings momentum for
remainder of 2004 .
strongly consider the following :
many investors ( some of them are now called millionaires ) , see the
potential for emerging companies before the numbers grab wall
street ' s attention . that ' s how the big money is made ! were they
just lucky ? i don ' t think so - and as an investor , i suspect you
don ' t either . the truth is , they see something the average investor
doesn ' t - hidden profit potential - make that enormous profit
potential and the rest is history - very rich history .
read the announcements genx has made . look at the company . read the
filings . do you see the potential for explosive growth ? you may
agree that ' s where the big money is made - finding small gems
already top line producing and poised for massive growth . consider
genx for your portfolio today . good luck and successful
investing .
dis - claimer : information within this ema - il contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act
of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements
indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many
micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth
noting . those factors include : a limited operating history : the
company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their
business and numerous related party transactions and the need to
raise capital . these risk factors and others are fully detailed in
the company ' s sec filings and company press releases . we urge you to
read them before you invest . the publisher of this letter does not
represent that the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading . all information provided
within this ema - il pertaining to investing , stocks or securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the publisher of this letter advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this ema - il . none of the material within this report shall be
construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of
these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all
your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this letter
is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view
information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially
selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the
results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that
happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne - ver indicative
of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a
review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to
investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 ,
sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this letter discloses the receipt of
thirty three thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer ,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from
such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid adver - tisement
and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company
websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of
this letter believes this information to be reliable but can make no
guar - antee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material
within this ema - il constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
diabolic schism countdown venice beck swain bolster vellum dinnerware menhaden coffeecup dioxide two , wattle emirate granular sleet parcel sanborn robin dilatory eyed state carmichael downcast bedlam gear louisa studebaker vibrate appall coffin schoolteacher wee interrupt mid dinnerware toenail sieve footstep direct .