Subject: help
dear friend ,
i am mrs iyesa ismiana , named person from kuwait . i am
married to late malam usman ismiana of blessed memory who worked with kuwait embassy in sudan for nine years before he died in the year 2000 .
we were married for eleven years without a child . he
died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his death we were both very devoted muslims . since his death i too have been battling with both cancer and fibroid problems . when my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $ 10 . 5 million ( ten million five hundred
thousand u . s . dollars ) with an oversea security company . presently , this money is still with the security company .
recently , my doctor told me that i would not last for
the next three months due to cancer problem . though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness . having known my condition i decided todonate this fund to either a moslem organisation or devoted muslim individual that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct here - in . i want this muslim organisation or individual to use this money in
all sincererity to fund mosques , orphanages , widows and also propagating the word of allah and to ensure that the society upholds the views and beliefs of the holy quran .
the holy quran emphasized so much on allah ' s benevolence and this has encouraged me to take this bold step . i took this decision because i don? ? ? t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are new christians converts and i don? ? ? t want my husband? ? ? s hard
earned money to be misused by people i call unbelievers . i don? ? ? t want a situation where this money will be used in an unholy manner .
hence the reason for taking this bold decision . i know that after death i will be with allah the most beneficient and the most merciful . i don? ? ? t need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health and also the presence of my husband? ? ? s relatives around me always .
i don? ? ? t want them to know about this development . with allah all things are possible . as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you thecontact of the security company . i will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove you as the original - beneficiary of this fund . i want you and the muslim community where you reside to always pray for me .
my happiness is that i lived a life of a true devoted muslim worthy of emulation . whoever that wants to serve the allah must serve him in truth and in fairness . please always be prayerful all through your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a muslim organisation or a devoted muslim for this same purpose .
until i hear from you , my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders .
may the almighty allah continue to guide and protect you .
if its ok reply to this e - maill address ye _ smao 02 @ yahoo . ca
regards ,
iyesa ismiana