Subject: business proposal
fred yengeni
email : fredyengeni 73 @ zwallet . com
goodday ,
my name is fred yengeni a south african citizen , i got
your contact through the south african chamber of
commerce and industry . i am the brother to mr tony
yengeni . mr yengeni was the chairman of parliament ' s
in south africa and the former chief whip of the
ruling political party anc .
my brother ( mr . t . yengeni ) , has as a result of trust
and confidence he has mandated that i search for a
reliable and trustworthy foreign partner , who will
help receive some funds , which we have in cash
totalling us $ 25 . 5 m ( twenty five million five hundred
thousand united states dollars only ) into a personal ,
company or any reliable foreign bank account for safe
keeping for a short period of time , since our family
bank accounts within and outside the country have all
been frozen by the authorities .
however i have managed to push the money abroad and it
is presently in the custody of a finance company in
london i got your contact through the south african
chamber of commerce and industry . i hope you are
trustworthy and will not sit on the money when you
receive it .
the total sum will be shared as follows : 20 % for you ,
75 % for my family , and then the remaining 5 % will be
used for the reimbursement of all the expenses we will
incure in the process of this transaction like your
flight ticket to london where you will take delivery
funds , your hotel accommodation , etc .
there is no risk involved what so ever on this
transaction , these funds will be received in your
favour upon proper application . if you are interested
in this business , please urgently contact me on the
following above e - mail address . fredyengeni 73 @ zwallet . com
please endeavor to keep this business confidential . i
will be most grateful if you can come forward and help
me . i would refer you to these few websites for
further information about my family .
thanks
best regards
mr . fred yengeni