Subject: request
dear friend ,
no doubt i know you will be surprised to receive this proposal that i
send to you , but not to cause you embarrassment .
first i must introduce myself , i am mr . suleman luke from the diamond
rich district in koidu town of sierra leone . during the war between our
forces led by the ex - head of state , major johnny koroma and the west
african allied forces ( ecomog ) , my country relied heavily on the foreign
earning generated from diamond trade . this money was personally kept by
the then president , major johnny koroma , since our banking system had
collapsed during the war .
however , as the war progressed , it became apparent that we were going
to lose the war to the superior and better armed west african allied
forces ( ecomog ) . at this point , the key officers of the administration
started making frantic efforts on how to leave sierra leone safely ,
thereby sharing the proceeds / money from the diamond trade . my father was
one of the key officers who succeeded in getting the sum of us $ 20 . 5
million ( twenty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars cash ) .
we made arrangements and transferred the money through diplomatic means
to south africa where i and my family lives for good three years ,
unfortunately , my father died of heart attack after two years of exile in
south africa and automatically , i came in possession of the said amount
as the only surviving son in our family .
my wife and my two beautiful daughters god has giving me , are now still
in south africa , after i realized i need to invest the fund outside
african country , i decided to convey the box to europe with the
help of a courier company , on arriving here , i deposited it with the
courier company for safe keeping although the courier company were not
aware of the content of the suit case since it was declared as personal
valuable good .
presently i ' m now in the republi of ireland to seek political asylum , just to make
sure i can secure my staying here also to monitor my fund , hence , i
decided to contact you with this business partnership proposal , i need
you as a trustworthy person ( with conscience ) that you will assist me to
transfer this money into your account or your company account since i
personally can not handle this transaction alone because of my status
here in ireland , also as political asylum seekers , certain financial
rights to open a foreign account is not allow .
i shall be grateful if you assist me to accomplish this transaction and
hoping too that you remain trustworthy , that you will not take any
advantage of me after the fund is under your care .
as i promise you that you will never regret of knowing me for your
efforts and assistance , i am prepared to give you 20 % of the total sum
while 5 % will be set aside for all the expenses incurred during the course
of this transaction . the rest 75 % will be for my family investment in
your country .
please note that this transaction is 100 % risk free as such the only
thing i ask from you is total assistance to transfer this money , complete
trust and assurance that my own part of the money will be safe when
transferred to your country .
i will greatly appreciate your assistance as i look forward to your
reply through my private email address ( sulemanluke @ yahoo . co . uk ) , and even
as you keep this matter confidential .
best regards .
mr . suleman luke