Subject: good day ,
good day , with warm heart i offer my friendship , and my greetings , and i hope this letter meets you in good time . it will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction , which i propose with my free mind and as a person of integrity . my name is wolny olkusz , the first son of olkusz , of the most popular black farmer from zimbabwe , murdered in the land dispute in my country . as led by my instinct , i decided to contact you through email , after searching for contacts via the internet , as it is the only means i can contact anybody since i am cutting off ties with zimbabwe for security and safety reasons . however , i apologise if this is not acceptable to you . the purpose of this letter is to seek your most needed assistance in a business venture . due to the l
and and political problems in zimbabwe , as a result of president robert mugabe ' s introduction of new land act reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and the few rich black farmers , and his desire to hold on to power for life , my father for saw the danger that came in zimbabwe . before he was murdered , he withdrew all of our business foreign accounts in dollars and sold up our shares in major companies . we then went to south africa to deposit the sum of us $ 22 . 5 million ( twenty - two million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) , in a private security company . this money was deposited with this private security company for safety and security reasons , and was to be used for the purchase of land , new machines and chemicals establishment of new farms in europe . president mugabe ' s support for the violent zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society , led to the murder of my beloved father and other i
nnocent lives . i was continually threatened to abandon my inheritance from my father after he was murdered . i rested for a while , but when the danger became unbearable , and i survived two murder attempts , i fled zimbabwe . i am currently staying in the netherlands where i am seeking political asylum . in fact my decision to come here to seek asylum , is because the security company from south africa , has a branch in holland and they have moved the deposit from their office in johannesburg down here . i need to transfer this money to an account and invest part of the money . since the law of nether land prohibits a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction , this is why i am seeking a genuine and reliable partner , whose account this money can be transferred , hence this proposal to you . you have to understand that this decision taken by me entrusts my future and in yo
ur hands , as a result of the safe keeping of this money . if you accept to assist me , all i want you to do for me , is to assist with arrangements to claim the deposit from the security company from their office in netherlands , as it has now been transfered from johannesburg , south africa to their branch here . the company will be legally informed of you representing me . for your assistance , i have two options for you . firstly you can choose to have 10 % of the money for your assistance , and helping me open an account for the money to be deposited here , or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country . whichever the option you want , please to notify me in your reply . i have also set aside 1 % ( $ 225 , 000 , 00 ) of this money for all kinds of expenses that come our way in the process of this transaction , and 4 % ( $ 900 , 000 , 00 ) for charity donation . if you prefer to accept th
e 10 % for assisting with opening an account , then 85 % will be left in the account here for me . please , i want you maintain the absol
ute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction . i look forward to your reply and co - operation , and i thank you in advance as i anticipate your co - operation . you can reach me on via email theolkuszfamily @ netscape . net , sincerely , wolny olkusz join excite ! - http : / / www . excite . comthe most personalized portal on the web !