Subject: fast moving issues bring short term profits
wall street oil report
soaring oil issues for immediate profits
all - time record highs for oil are padding oil company profits .
focus your attention on erhc - joint ownership of offshore billion
barrel oil blocks with exxonmobil , joint venture agreements with
major nyse oil leaders !
grab this hot oil play with guaranteed billion barrel blocks being
awarded within days .
environmental remediation holding corp . otcbb - erhc
current price . 40
target for october 1 . 25
what is an oil stock worth with guaranteed preferential rights to
billions of barrels of oil in the hottest offshore zone in west
africa ? oil prices were pushing through $ 40 just 5 months ago , now
the $ 50 barrier has been shattered . read the headlines lately ? oil
prices are expected to continue climbing .
serious attention has turned to a group of 9 offshore oil blocks in
west africa where schlumberger slb - $ 69 , the world leader in reservoir
imaging services , has validated recoverable reserves at over 14
billion barrels . this is worth hundreds of billions no matter what
formula is applied . this would explain why chevrontexaco and exxonmobil
paid over 120 million to win operatorship of block 1 .
erhc has very strong percentages of 6 of the remaining blocks to be
awarded along with exxonmobil and 2 other nyse super - majors that have
partnered with erhc . erhc has signed a partnership agreement with
pioneer natural resources pxd - $ 35 in block 2 , and noble energy nbl - $ 60
in block 4 . estimates amongst the international press covering these
events point to erhc and their respective partners capturing between
50 % and 75 % of both blocks 2 and 4 . the awards for these blocks are
expected to be finalized any day . the value of these awards in
conjunction with international press coverage is the sudden impact
needed to set erhc shares on fire !
any oil issue with events of this magnitude in today ' s climate is going
to fly . read the press for additional confirmation of what is at stake .
erhc ' s rights have been exercised by the company and are guaranteed .
erhc ' s partnership agreements with oil super - majors are iron - clad .
investors must act quickly to accumulate a substantial position just
before earth - shattering news is released that will send shockwaves
through erhc .
disclosure : the information and opinions in this featured profile are
based on sources believed to be reliable but no representation is made
to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator
of future results . this report is a paid profile for information purposes
only and should not be used as the basis for any investment decision .
the publisher has been compensated ten thousand dollars for the preparation
of this profile and for continuing coverage of the featured company . the
publisher is not an investment advisor and this profile is not to be
considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation
to buy nor an offer to sell securities . information herein contains future -
looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties .
there are no shares presently held and no participation will occur in the
trading of shares in any profiled company .
