Subject: account
mr . soo chocho hung bank . 14 1 - ka namdaemun - ro chung - kuseoul , seoul 100 - 757 south korea . www . chohungbank . co . kri am mr . soo cho , credit officer of cho hung bank . i have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on july 8 , 2000 , a british oil consultant / contractor with the south korea solid minerals corporation , mr . phillip morris made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at ( twenty - eight million three hundred thousand american dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , that mr . phillip morris died from an auto - mobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . phillip morris did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of $ 28 , 300 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to laws of south korea , at the expiration of ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the south korea government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . phillip morris so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the transfer . a bank account in any part of the world that you will provide the will , then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and 25 % for you and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the transaction . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and with my position as the credit officer guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately to my email box . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you should observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . regards , soo cho
n . b : endeavour to send your reply through my alternativee - mail address : cho @ financesource . com