Subject: strictly confidential
strictly confidentialdr . hassan bello . director , accounts and audit , nigerian national petroleum corporation ( n . n . p . c ) telephone number : 234 - 803 - 4748664 fax number : 234 - 1 - 4401002 dear sir ,
how are you today . i got your contact from the internet following this and other investigations resulting in a good recommendation . we have decided to contact you to help us with the legaltransfer of us $ 28 , 600 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million sixhundred thousand united states dollars ) . the amountstated above resulted from an over - invoiced contractexecuted for the nigerian national ( n . n . p . c . ) for which the contractors havebeen fully paid . because this money was part of theoverall contract sum amounting to close to ( us $ 100 , 000 , 000 : 00 ) that has been completed .
the said amount has remained dormant and floating inour apex bank . therefore , we will raise to enable us transfer into an account thatis yet to be nominated . we need a foreign partner , because as civil servants , the code of conduct doesnot allow us to operate foreign bank accounts . hencewe solicit for your assistance , we are requesting youto provide us with the help for the safekeeping ofthis money until our arrival in your country tocollect our share and decide on of this money .
for your assistance in this transaction , we haveunanimously agreed to offer you 30 % of this money , 5 % will be used in settling any incidental expenses thatmay arise and the remaining amount will be for us . toenable the prompt transfer of this money , kindly sendto us your personal details , contact information bank details in full .
we look forward to hearing from you and thanking youfor your anticipated cooperation and consideration inthe above subject matter . please be informed that wewould appreciate the handling of this transaction in aconfidential manner . we sincerely advise that youcontact us on the above telephone and fax numbers tomaintain the confidentiality of the business . sendinge - mail will be appreciated . i await for your response . thanks and god bless .
dr hassan bello .
does your mail provider give you a free online calendar ? yahoo ! does . get yahoo ! mail