Subject: from hajia mariam abacha and the children ! ! !
strictly confidential / urgent
from : mrs . mariam abacha
kano - nigeria .
my beloved friend .
i am mrs . mariam abacha , the widow of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigeria military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest since after my husband ' s death my family is under
restriction of movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested by police and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian democratic government , following the recent
discovery of my husband ' s bank account by the nigeria government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of
us $ 700 million and dm 450 million was logged .
i therefore decided to contact you in confidence that i was able to moveout the sum of us $ 30 , 000 , 000 which was secretly defaced and is sealed in four metal boxes for security reasons , i therefore
personally , appeal to you seriously and religiously for your urgent assistance to move this money into your country where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country now due to the restriction of movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigeria government . please kindly send your
telephone , fax number and also your full names and address .
and as soon as you indicate your interest to me my son ( ahmed ) , shall send you all the related documents so that you can procced to claim the
luggage from the security company conclusively , we have agreed to offer you 30 % of the total sum while 60 % is to before me and my family for profitiable business investment which you will advice me
on . preferable propperties in your country subsequent to my free movement by the nigeria government .
while 10 % is mapped out for expenses as your government may demand for tax and it also covers your telephone bills . please reply urgently and
treat with absolute confidentiality and sincerity .
best regards .
hajia mariam abacha ( mrs )
mariamabacha 775 @ yahoo . co . in
note : why i contacted you now is the current appeal by our president chief olusegun obasunjo to the world leaders on the united nation organisation meeting in new york city ( usa ) to assist in returing my
husband fund in foreign accounts .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site . comr
- http : / / . com