Subject: = ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? inheritance ? =
information : this message is intended only for the use of the ndividual
or entity to which it was addres sed and may contain information that is
confidential and exempt from disclosure . you are here by notified that any
dissemination , distribution or copying of this message is strictly prohibited .
i am mr . benjamin shaw , a private financial consultant . i am the
personal financial / business of late engr hubert stransky a foreigner who
lived and worked in the u . k . died and left behind large sum of money in a
fixed account deposite with a bank in the london . after his death all attempt
to locate any member of his family has proved abortive as search was conducted
everyhere including embassy and via the internet .
this sum left behind by my client is at rick of being confisicated by the
bank for reason of no next of kin that is why i am contacting you before
they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where his huge
deposits were
lodged .
particularly , this bank where the deceased had a domiciliary account valued
twenty - six million , five hundred thousand ( $ 26 . 5 m ) united states dollars .
the bank has issued a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account
confiscated within the next one month . since i have been unsuccessful in
locating the relatives for over two years now i found your contact through
your countries chamber of commerce and dicided to contact you because i
need a honest and
trustworthy person to assist me in securing this money
before it gets confisicated bu the bank and that this transaction will be
executed under a legitimate arrangemen that will protect you from any breach
of the
banking law here in britain .
all modalities have being carefully worked out for a smooth transaction
that is 100 % risk free .
please get in touch with me by email to enable us discuss further .
best regards ,
mr benjamin shaw .
please reply allemail via : @ england . edu
use o melhor sistema de busca da internet
radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br