Subject: complimentary cell phone
bait - excelled @ em . ca
november 28 , 2004
you have been selected to receive a free * nokia 6016 and accessories !
click here to get yours now .
this offer comes to you from one of the nation ' s fastest growing sprint pcs dealers . respond within one week , and you will receive
a state - of - the - art nokia 6016 phone with 500 minutes sprint nationwide pcs network , for free * .
you new digital wireless phone may also come equipped with the
following free * features : voice activated dialing , no roaming or long
distance charges ,
voice mail , three way calling , aol instant messenger and caller id . all at
no charge to
you ! do not miss out on this offer !
click here now !
your calling plan , for which you be billed monthly by the service provider
of your choice ,
may include 500 sprint nationwide pcs minutes with unlimited night and weekend
minutes . it ' s a
lot to accept - but we urge you to do so within 7 days . on that day the offer
may be withdrawn and your free * cell
phone package reassigned . click here for the best wireless phone deal now !
offer approved by ,
r . joseph smith
director of inventory management
* phone free after instant rebate . this offer is fulfilled by inphonic inc . , an authorized dealer for sprint . offer subject to credit approval or deposit , and is available to customers activating a new line of service on a two - year contract with sprint . not all us markets are served by sprint . if you are not in a sprint area you will receive another great offer from another major wireless company . other restrictions apply , see full offer for details . offer may vary .
if you no longer wish to receive offers which are fulfilled from inphonic , inc . visit here or write to inphonic , inc . attn : customer relations - compliance 9301 peppercorn place , largo , md 20774 "
+ + + + +
the preceding advertisement was sent from fillmypocketsfull . com to bait - excelled at em . ca .
if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from fillmypocketsfull . com in the future , please
+ + + + +
