Subject: classified - proposition
attn :
dear friend ,
mr . markus bopp
postfach , 3001 bern switzerland
phone number # + 41 - 44 - 580 - 4895 .
imperative and private .
i am contacting you on business transfer of a huge sum of money from a
deceased account . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude
will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that
all will be well at the end of the day . we decided to contact you due
to the urgency of this transaction .
proposition ;
we discovered an abandoned sum of us $ 32 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty - two million
five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in an account that belongs
to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family .
since his death , none of his next - of - kin or relations has come forward
to lay claims for this money as the heir . we cannot release the fund
from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to
the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines .
upon this discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as a
next of kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully
worked out by us for the funds ( us $ 32 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) to be released in
your favor as the beneficiary ' s next of kin . it may interest you to
know that we have secured from the probate an order of madamus to
locate any of deceased beneficiaries .
please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual
business endeavour by furnishing me with the following ;
1 . your name and address
2 . direct telephone and fax numbers
these requirements will enable us file letter of claim to the
appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favor before
the transfer can be made . we shall be compensating you with 40 % on final
conclusion of this project , while the rest shall be for us . if this
proposal is acceptable by you , please response immediately , i await
your urgent response . in my private e - mail box : ( mark _ boppl 0 @ yahoo . de )
best regards ,
mr . markus bopp .