Subject: urgent investor alert , big potential !
otc alert
investors ' # 1 source for
tomorrow ' s leaders
issue # 121 december 2004
asia payment systems , inc . undervalued special situation
symbol : ( otc bb : apym )
52 week range : $ 0 . 09 - $ 0 . 85 shares outstanding : 24 , 835 . 748 current price : $ 0 . 14
12 mo . target price $ 1 . 50
www . asia - pay . com
breaking news alert
corporate profile
asia payment systems , inc . ( otc bb : apym ) is a credit card processing and merchant services company that provides credit card services to merchants and financial institutions in china . the company ' s objective is to be the first national
provider of world - class third - party processing services in china to bankcard accepting merchants , issuers of bank credit cards , issuers of petroleum station retail cards , issuers of merchandise and grocery retail cards .
the chinese market for credit cards , in terms of total credit card loans , is expected to grow over the next six years at a compounded annual rate of 88 % , from u . s . $ 300 million in 2003 to u . s . . $ 13 . 2 billion in 2009 . the population of china exceeds 1 . 26 billion and is growing at just under 1 % annually . however , gross domestic product ( gdp ) is growing by approximately 8 % , or eight times population growth , and as a result , a vibrant consumer society is starting to emerge in china . in late 2003 , china had 544 million domestic - use debit cards and 25 million credit cards , the majority restricted to domestic use . total cards issued grew 64 % in 2002 alone . the number of retailers who accept the cards has grown by 51 % per year . the total sum of transactions has increased by 76 % per year , and the number of card - issuing banks has increased from the initial four major state - owned commercial banks to over 20 banks .
visa expects that 60 million credit card holders at the end of 2003 will grow on present trends to 200 million by 2010 . both beijing and shanghai have mandated that at least one - half of all merchants must accept credit or debit cards by the end of 2004 and 90 % by 2008 in order to be ready for foreign and domestic visitors at the 2008 beijing summer olympics and the 2010 shanghai world expo . demand for the company ' s services will remain substantial for many years to come
conclusion :
apym is an exciting special situation with enormous growth potential . asia payment addresses a virtually untapped credit card market in china that is projected to grow at an annual compounded rate of 88 % over the next six years . this fully - reporting company has a world - class management team that is well - connected and committed to major success . the current market cap of less than $ 3 . 5 million indicates that the shares are extremely undervalued relative to the company ' s high growth potential . we feel that our 12 month target price of $ 1 . 50 is very attainable and realistic ! within two to three years , apym could easily be trading in double digits .
otc alert is a communications arm of otcreporter . com . otc alert is not licensed by any governmental or regulatory agencies and is not a registered investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accor dan ce with such , otc alert is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . otc alert is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . this stock advertisement or e - mail alert contains or in corp orates by reference forward - looking statements , including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of the featured company . as such , any statements contained herein or in corp orated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward - looking statements . without limiting the foregoing , the words believe ( s ) , anticipate ( s ) , plan ( s ) , expect ( s ) , project ( s ) , forecast ( s ) will , estimate ( s ) , understand ( s ) or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur and similar expressions which are intended to identify forward - looking statements . otc reporter has been compensated one hundred twenty five thousand free trade shares by a third party . there are a number of important factors that could cause actual events or actual results of the companies profiled herein to differ materially from these forecasts and projections as indicated by such forward - looking statements . statements that are not strictly historical are forward - looking within the meaning of the safe harbor clause of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . investors are cautioned that such forward - looking statements invoke risk and uncertainties that may cause the company ' s actual results to differ materially from such forward - looking statements . prior to making an investment , investors should consult with their financial advisor and visit edgar at www . sec . gov .
otc alert p . o . box 273 rumson , nj 07760
