Subject: you can save $ 1 , 000 ' s with these 3 simple steps . . . guaranteed !
the secrets of downloading almost anything and
everything you could possible want for f ' ree revealed
and made so simple it will astound you !
would you like to buy christmas gifts for f ' ree in only 3 easy and simple
steps and save 100 ' s or perhaps 1 , 000 s of dollars ?
or perhaps you don ' t need christmas gifts but would like to save a ton of money
on the things you rent and purchase .
or maybe you haven ' t been able to buy or rent the things that you want for
yourself , your kids , or your family because it just gets too expensive .
well now you can get what you want when you want it - for f ' ree and we ' ve made
it so easy and fast that it will astound you . if you can open an email ( and
obviously you can ! ) then this will be a piece of cake .
as a member of unlimited downloads - the premier downloading club on
the internet - this is what you could be getting for f ' ree in just a few
minutes from now in 3 simple and amazingly easy and fast steps :
anything and everything you could possibly want in ,
* music & mp 3 ' s
* dvd quality movies ( including " xxx " )
* video & computer games
* software
* tv shows
* song lyrics
* audio books
then make your own cd ' s , dvd ' s , and game discs - complete with cover art -
easily in 2 easy steps from our membership pages .
all completely safe and legal !
plus if you are one of the lst 200 people who join today you get an additional
bonus package worth over $ 300 !
start saving hundreds , perhaps thousands of dollars today ! get the things you
want and need now ! buy your christmas gifts for fr ' ee !
just go to :
http : / / www . eyeonspecials . com / 146 . html
regards ,
unlimited downloads customer service
ps . we have set everything up for you . it ' s simple , easy , fast . all you need
to do is join and start downloading . start saving hundreds , perhaps thousands
of dollars today ! get the things you want and need now ! buy your christmas
gifts for fr ' ee !
to purge your email address from our database , go to :
http : / / www . eyeonspecials . com / away . html