Subject: * * * spam * * * 400 % near - term share price growth projection
technology breakthroughs ! news for forward - thinking investorsthis tech leader is about to end an embarrassing cruise ship nightmare that has kept their guests in the dark far too long ! reported by : ralph daniels for technology breakthroughs online as soon as a guest steps on board a cruise ship , its like walking backward ten years or so to a time when only a few tech - nuts had the luxury of the internet in the home . believe it or not , todays cruise industry thrusts 9 . 5 million people annually into a technology ba
ckwater thats as outdated as not having a phone or tv ! dear profit - seeking investor : this could be one of the most compelling business stories youll come across for some time . 400 % near - term share price growth projectioncompany : in - systcom , inc . ticker : isyjnear - term projection : $ 0 . 80 $ 1 . 00 growth : 400 % / 6 months 2 , 800 % + / 12 - 24 months * * analysis provided in this report . watch for news due out very soon that could send share prices up in a sharp immediate spike of 30 % to 50 % ! imagine the money you would make by offering a population greater than new york city ( about 9 . 5 million people ) with in - home internet and e - mail access for the first time ever ! not just an ordinary population either , but one that is populated with wealth , education , and the desire to travel . that ' s what in - systcom ( isyj ) executives figured a few years back when they pioneered an exclusive technology to deliver internet and e - mail access on cruise ships , using the ships existing wiring ! thats not all . they also pioneered the installation of in - cabin amenities as video - on - demand ( vod ) , satellite tv , video gaming , interactive services , travel and entertainment booking , plus more ! now , after three very successful pilot installations , ( detailed later in this alert ) , and a fourth just completed , in - systcom is now shipping its sealynx system , setting a course for full scale roll - out ! the scope of this business opportunity is staggering . the profit potential even more so . its why this undiscovered stock could soar by 400 % near termgrowing a $ 5 , 000 investment to $ 20 , 000 or
more in 6 months or less ! for investors seeking an aggressive play on a low - cost , high potential stock , this one could be a screaming bargain right now . hovering at just . 20 on the pink sheets , isyj has been holding well against the downside , offering a stable entry point pending big news and breakout announcements . and that could come any day now . in - systcom has already deployed their sealynx technology on ships in the prestigious silverseas cruise line and only days ago , announced their second deployment in the oceania cruise line . ( press release 10 / 11 / 2004 businesswire ) thats 4 vessels already , and more news is likely to be released in the coming weeks . all this sets the stage for a move onto otcbbwhich is precisely where company chairman and ceo , will riner , sr . , is ready to take isyj . from there , the breakout could unfold at a skyrocketing pace ! a $ 1 share price by july 2005 ? invest in isyj now , youll be in at around . 20 a share , just preceding the time when next yearsinvestors could be clamoring for shares at $ 1 or more ! t
he independent investment advisor the research works projected isyj to trade at $ 1 . 05 by july 2005 . from their report : management has suggested that the silversea contract is the company ' s model for the future . as in - systcom negotiates with other cruise lines representing 40 ships and 32 , 000 cabins , the company expects to gross approximately $ 15 weekly per cabin in revenue as it expands . expanding on those revenue figures yields stunning numbers . in north america alone , 215 , 000 cruise ship cabins ( berths ) represents a total potential market for isyj of $ 167 . 7 million a year ! in - systcoms very reasonable growth strategy , which has been updated to 50 ships over 18 to 24 months , projects to revenues of $ 31 . 2 million a year in 2006 ! and at the current netprofitability of around 31 % of gross revenue , that projects to about 17 eps ! with aggressive growth companies typically trading at 30 to 40 times earnings , isyj could reasonably be a $ 6 to $ 7 stock in 24 months ! longer term , perhaps 24 to 36 months , isyj has all the potential to be a $ 7 to $ 10 stockthats 2 , 800 % to 4 , 000 % growth from todays share price offering investors right now the potential to start small with minimal risk and hit the jackpot ! just $ 2 , 000 invested today could return $ 54 , 000 to $ 78 , 000 in pure profit ! this is the kind of opportunity that could make your dreams come true . and the best part is , the technology is already installed and serving thousands of passengers right now . its just waiting to grow as more and more ships are outfitted with the in - systcom sealynx system ! on the current installation schedule , isyj profits could be com
ing on fast . according to projections provided by ceo , wil riner , in - systcom could reach first profitability as early as 2 nd quarter 2005 ! companies on the pink sheets fantasize about the day when they may see revenues , let alone those that turn a profit ! yet in - systcom is projecting profits just a few months from now ! whats more , the current installations are working as planned and revenues are beginning to flow that make profits in q 2 / 05 a very real probability . thus , this is one of those pivotal moments in a companys life that marks a turning point for investors . do you invest nowor do you wait and miss the explosive price surge coming out of pink sheet valuations ? if youre an aggressive investor , the answer should be clear . at todays share price , this could be one of the
very best investment decisions you make . even if you limited yourself to just a few thousand shares , you could turn a handsome profit in just a few months , with a very modest downside risk . whats more , by buying now , youll be setting the stage for a major breakout in the future and a fat profit to pad your position ! not a pipe dream . not an rd promise . its real , onboard , and happening now ! since the in - systcom is already operational on a number of ships , serving tens of thousands of passengers , you dont have to wait for the sales department to prove that theres a market either ! new orders should be coming in very quickly .
especially as cruise lines see the capabilities of their competitors grow . rather than looking for customers , in - systcom could be faced with the enviable problem of having them line up at the door ! competition ? not any time soon ! this is a fantasy island of profit opportunity ! youll love this part of the show right now , theres no competition to the in - systcom technology ! its the only show in town ! if a cruise line wants internet connections to the cabins , it has two choices . dry dock and retrofit , or choose in - systcom to interface with their existing systems . the growing market and only one source for a sensible solution ! according to more cruise industry statistics , about 87 % ( 8 . 3 million passengers ) of cruise ship passengers boarded north american cruise ships . you know what that means , a whole city full of americans with no personal access to the internet , even for e - mail ! these are people who write big checks for first class service . its reasonable to think that the vast majority of them live by e - mail at home and at work . and since most cruises last more than a week , internet access could be a make - or - break point about booking a cruise . whats more , the problem is getting worse . since the year 2000 , the cruise industr
y has grown from 5 . 1 million passengers to 9 . 5 million . by 2010 , the figures are expected to soar past 17 million passengers ! and youre going to deny these people access to the internet ? since most cruise ships were built years ago with wiring that did not anticipate a modern internet , the cruise operators have had nothing to offer except on - board public internet lounges . that just doesnt cut it in 2005 ! the in - systcom solution puts the internet into every cabin on board ! live sports shows and movies too ! from marketing perspective , this could be the right product at the right time for a growing industry . once a cruise company makes the commitment to upgrade to in - cabin
internet , e - mail and interactive services , in - systcom can have a fully operational system up and running in a matter of weeks , with no downtime and no disruption to normal cruise activities . in - systcoms technology breakthrough came when it developed an interface that linked the existing phone wiring with the ships c - band or k - band com links . these com links provide the uplink and downlink needed to enable internet and satellite tv access while the in - systcom sealynx system manages the bandwidth possible on the room - to - room wiring network . as reported by in - systcom management , nobody else has this technology nor anything like it . whats more , in - systcom is not just targeting the cruise ship industry ! the resorts at cruise ship destinations face the same dilemmas . high - end resorts on remote is
lands face similar challenges providing guests with access to online entertainment , movies and sports programming that their american guests have come to expect . using in - systcom technology , resorts could soon offer a complete menu of in - room entertainment , including internet access and e - mail . that market adds millions more travelers to in - systcoms potential revenue equation . invest now in isyj and you could sit back and relax on a profit - making cruise of a lifetime . and , you can expect your investment will be well managed because even though in - systcom is a relatively new company in - systcom is commanded by a seasoned crew of technology and cruise industry veterans . with veterans like this at the helm , you can be certain your investment will stay true to an
aggressive growth course . wil riner , sr . , chairman / ceo / director , has more than 30 years of experience , both domestic and international , in marketing , product development and telecommunications . in 1983 , he received a u . s . patent for the first integrated personal computer workstation featuring a multi - line business phone and multi - tasking capability . in 1986 , mr . riner founded the network connection inc . ( nasdaq : tncx ) , a designer of computer servers and interactive , broadband information and entertainment systems . in 1999 , he helped orchestrate the companys merger with in - flight technologies , then moved on to create in - syst . com inc . , in january 2000 . peter demilio , president , is a former manager of marine technologies for carnival cruise lines , where he m
anaged the development and installation of interactive television systems , internet cafes , advanced broadcast television , and satellite telecommunications services . he also owned a technology company devoted to computer graphics , video presentation , and interactive communications . hes also a member of the federal communications advisory committee on the future of interactive telecommunication technology within the maritime industry . wil riner , jr . , vp engineering / director is the former director of sales and marketing of tnci atlanta where he developed domestic and international distribution of the company ' s lines of video server products used in training and entertainment . in 1998 , tnci became the first company ever to install an faa certified digital seat back entertainment system aboard a commercial aircraft . mr . riners other project includes th
e sale of shipboard in - cabin digital entertainment system for carnival ' s 900 cabin sensation and carnivals 1200 cabin flag ship triumph ! . stephen stethers , vice president / secretary and a director has more than 15 years experience in the personal computer and network server industries . he is the former vp of operations and project manager for the network connection inc . ( tncx ) , responsible for overall project management and installation of the cruiseview video on demand system isolating dedicated channels for in - house services . mr . stethers has completed projects aboard two cruise ships ( star cruises , malaysia ; carnival cruises , florida ) . what you should do now to lock in this opportunity . at the time of thi
s writing , isyj has been trading at $ 0 . 20 per share , so this is the ideal opportunity to lock in a solid position with a small investment . because of isyjs aggressive growth plan is progressing now , you could see rapid share price gains in the coming weeks as news of isyjs accomplishments is announced and investor interest grows . it is reasonable that the current share price represents the very best entry point for new inv estors . however , as can be expected , this is a risky investment suitable only for aggressive investors willing to assume the risk of substantial losses . considering the current state of isyjs growing business and very low price per share , a significant position in the company can be taken n
ow putting just a modest investment at risk . 400 % near - term share price growth projectioncompany : in - systcom , inc . ticker : isyj ! near - term projection : $ 0 . 80 $ 1 . 00 growth : 400 % / 6 months 2 , 800 % + / 12 - 24 months * * analysis provided in this report . watch for news due out very soon that could send share prices up in a sharp immediate spike of 30 % to 50 % ! view or chang
e your preferences legal disclosure