Subject: mid day volume surge
patch
international , inc .
( otcbb : paii )
recent price : 8 Ü
target price : $ 1 . 00
rating : strong buy
website : www . patchenergy . com
investment
strategy
to create greater shareholder value , patch intends to follow a strategy
of global energy investment alone or in joint partnership . at the same time ,
it continues to review investments outside the energy sector where there
is the opportunity for substantial return on investment .
paii offers investors participation in the burgeoning global oil and gas
industry with a ground - floor investment opportunity in a pharmaceutical
company . based on patch ' s aggressive initiatives for growth , there is continued
optimism the share price will begin moving upwards to a target price of
$ 1 . 00 in the near future .
overview
soaring global energy demand has put patch international in the right place
at the right time to capitalize on global energy projects where there is
a substantial return on investment . its latest project , in partnership with
first petroleum inc . , a private corporation , is in energy rich north africa .
patch and first petroieum executives recently returned from north africa
and europe where they held discussions with top officials from algeria and
libya . subsequently , they received a partnership letter from the algerian
ministry of energy and mines .
first petroleum ' s , dr . danilo mancin , an international business and government
specialist , who has extensive experience in dealing with senior government
and industry executives in north africa , was accompanied by david stadnyk ,
president of patch .
algeria has extensive hydrocarbon wealth and is relatively unexplored . currently ,
its oil reserves are estimated at 15 . 4 billion bbl and its gas reserves
are 146 . 5 tcf .
besides algeria , projects have been identified in neighboring libya , which
has some 36 - billion bbl of oil reserves and 47 . 4 tcf of natural gas reserves .
why you should
own patch international inc .
• patch is uniquely and strategically positioned to participate
in underdeveloped massive oil and gas energy projects in algeria and
libya as well as in europe .
• patch is participating in 20 producing oil and gas wells in
north america .
• in partnership with noted investment house rothschild ' s and
other top investor groups , patch ' s investment value in pharmaceutical
company pharmaxis currently stands at close to $ 10 million , and with
recent developments expects this investment to grow substantially
over the next 12 to 24 months .
• patch is in the right industry at the right time . oil and gas
are at historically high prices and the fact remains that oil and
gas will continue to be the dominant forms of energy for years to
come at increased prices .
• patch has an established experienced senior management team .
ceo & president , david stadnyk , has a significant background in
the energy and investment sectors spanning some 20 years .
the time to invest is now ! as patch moves forward with its business plan
and signs major new contracts , the stock will move quickly this could
be your last chance to invest before major price appreciation . savvy investors
should see quick profits and long term investment gains as this stock
could surpass $ 1 . 00 very shortly .
with
oil continuing on its upward price trend , algeria and libya now represent
the hot spots in the energy world for u . s . , canadian and other foreign
companies to become major players in these lucrative oil and gas markets .
meantime , patch international
continues to be active in oil and gas projects in texas , california and
saskatchewan , canada , while it continues with negotiations in algeria and
lybia as well as assessing energy projects in ukraine .
if
you received this email in error and would like to be removed , please
click here
