Subject: confidant .
department of minerals and energy
pretoria ,
south africa .
kindly reply : josemakl 1 @ katem . org
dear friend ,
it is my great pleasure to write you this letter on behalf of my colleagues . i have decided to seek a confidential co - operation with you in the execution of a deal hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it confidential because of the nature of the business .
within the department of minerals and energy where i work as an assistant director of audit , with the co - operation of two other top officials , we have in our possession an overdue contractor payment in us dollars funds . the said funds represent certain percentage of the contract value executed on behalf of my department by a foreign contracting firm , ( pearls ltd ) which we the officials over - invoiced to the amount of us $ 15 , 200 , 000 ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) .
since the present elected government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debts owed , so as to maintain good relations with foreign governments and non - governmental agencies , we included our bills for approvals with the department of finance and the reserve bank of south africa ( rbsa ) . we are 100 % sure of funds approvals to anyone or company we ( the audit committee ) recommend as part of the sub - contractors who did jobs for the department .
we are seeking your assistance to front as the sub - contractor of the unclaimed funds , since we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts . details and change of beneficiary information upon application for claim to reflect payment and approvals will be secured on behalf of you / your company .
my colleagues and i are prepared to give you us $ 2 . 5 m while we take us $ 7 . 4 m and the balance of us $ 5 . 3 m for taxes and miscellaneous expenses incurred .
this business is completely safe and secure , provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality . it does not matter whether you / your company does contract projects , as a transfer of rights will be secured in favour of you / your company through the federal high court of south africa before we can proceed .
i have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint us . kindly notify me immediately via my alternative email ( josemakl 1 @ katem . org ) for further details upon your acceptance of this proposal .
yours faithfully ,
joseph makale ( mr )
mail enviado desde el servicio webmail de misitio . com
- http : / / sanlucarweb . com