Subject: platinum stock report
mcclellan ,
techlite , inc . ( 0 tcbb : thlt )
joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million
of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / o 4 )
shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 91 o ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / o 4 )
current price : $ . 54
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these small stocks are absoiuteiy flying , as many of you know . whiie past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . will thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ?
reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controls to market oam purger in greater china
2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrical usage up to 5 o percent
3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas
4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business
about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 20 o 5 )
techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 20 o 4 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and insta | | ation of energy - efficient and epa - compiiant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " eiectrica | contractor " has described the | ighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utiiity energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , heaithcare , commercia | , industria | , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three bi | | ion lighting fixtures , creating a potentia | $ 1 oo billion national | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , long - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems .
watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck .
certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and ruie 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those ruies . al | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without | imitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wil | prove to be accurate and actua | resuits and future events couid differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumuiated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a reliance on | oans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have persona | | y guaranteeed company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capita | . a failure to raise capita | could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fu | | y detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . a | | information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a companys fiiings , should be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of fourteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will seil at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .