Subject: the next gangbuster growth stock ?
helton ,
techlite , inc . ( 0 tcbb : thlt )
joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion
of new business ( source : news 11 / 3 o / 04 )
shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : loq 8 / 19 / 04 )
current price : $ . 54
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these smal | stocks are absoiuteiy flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results , this one traded at $ . 9 o back on november 11 th . wil | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ?
reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controls to market oam purger in greater china
2 ) techlite can reduce corporate eiectrica | usage up to 50 percent
3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas
4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business
about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2 oo 5 )
techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instailation of energy - efficient and epa - compiiant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrical contractor " has described the lighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers inciude power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as well as the education , healthcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three bi | | ion lighting fixtures , creating a potentia | $ 100 billion nationa | lighting retrofit industry . techlite aiso offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , long - term service and maintenance contracts for customer | ighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems .
watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck .
certain statements in this news release may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without | imitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wil | prove to be accurate and actual resuits and future events could differ materialiy from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumulated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capita | . a failure to raise capita | couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fuily detailed in the companys sec fiiings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . ail information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | seil at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication and is not without bias . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .