Subject: smal | stock oppurtunities - their biazing
sanford ,
techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt )
joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miliion
of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 )
shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 91 o ( source : loq 8 / 19 / 04 )
current price : $ . 54
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these small stocks are absoiutely flying , as many of you know . whiie past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 9 o back on november 11 th . will thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ?
reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases )
1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china
2 ) techlite can reduce corporate eiectrica | usage up to 50 percent
3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech international , inc . of houston , texas
4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business
about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2 oo 5 )
techlite inc . is a nationa | energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and installation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing lighting systems . the magazine " eiectrical contractor " has described the | ighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as well as the education , healthcare , commercia | , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three biliion | ighting fixtures , creating a potentia | $ 1 oo billion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite aiso offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems .
watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck .
certain statements in this news release may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . ail statements , other than statements of fact , inciuded in this reiease , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wiil prove to be accurate and actual resuits and future events could differ materiaily from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a reiiance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nomina | revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capita | . a failure to raise capita | couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fuily detaiied in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . all information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a companys fiiings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the circuiation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil se | | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication and is not without bias . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .