Subject: letter from mary
with due respect , i am mrs mary okereke , having gone
through your profile , iam convinced and pleased to contact
you for some assistance and business relationship . i am a
widow , who live in nigeria . i have a daughter who is the
joy of my life . my late husband was a loving , caring and
hardworking businessman who diedunfortunately in an auto
crash . before the sudden death of my beloved husband and
father of my daughter , my late husband intended to
establish a business in the united states of america with
the sum of $ 5 million united states dollars , but
unfortunately he died before this proposed venture .
following his death , his family members are telling me that
i am not entitled to his property ( assets and fund ) because
i am a woman and my offspring is a female as well
, according to some barbaric traditional laws here in
nigeria ( africa ) which doesn ' t permit a woman to inherit a
man ' s property , but i and my child will be cratered for by
the late husband family will take over the management of
his business and other properties . unfortunately to this
wicked family members , the $ 5 million united states dollars
which my late husband intended to use in establishing a
business in the united states . this fund was deposited in a
bank account unknown to his family . it is me and the
manager of the bank is aware of this fund , so i have
discussed this matter with the manager that i want this
fund personally and he agreed based on some compensation .
according to the manager , the best way to secure this fund
is to transfer it to a foreign account outside nigeria for
safe - keeping , later it will be used for business
establishment with your advice and assistance , which i will
also come over to your country . at this juncture , i and the
manager needs your sincere assistance in providing us with
your bank account , so that this fund can be transferred
into it within ( 14 ) working days as soon as i hear your
positive response , however , i and the manager has agreed to
give you 25 % of the fund as a reward for your sincere
assistance and the remaining 75 % of the fund will be for
us ( i and the manager ) . thanks you and god bless ,
mary okereke
please reply me back on my manager ' s email
ganiyu _ mohammed @ yahoo . com