Subject: response needed
from onome obi
email : onomeobi 78 @ netscape . net
dear friend ,
how are you doing today ?
i hope fine . if so glory be to god . my names is onome obi 25 yrs and i am the daughter to the late former minister of agriculture in nigeria . my dad died since last years in a ghastly plane crash on his way back from kenya , and since then life has not been easy for me and my family anyway i thank god that i am alive today .
since the death of my dad things have not been easy with us . though my dad died leaving a huge amount of funds and the government has refused to release this money because the money has been lodged in foreign account . i and my family have gone through hell even my dadsbrothers could not help us and the only given option now for us to have a reliable foreigner that can assist us with his / her foreign account so that the funds can be transferred into his or her account . after this has been done my family and i are willing to offer 25 % of the funds to anyone that can assist us so that we can claim our money .
my mum has been so ill and things are not really going well with us here . i decided to contact you because i knew god was gong to use you to assist me and my family from our present predicament . as soon as we have been able to collect this money i and my family will be coming overseas so we can start up a new life and invest in a profitable business venture i will be glad if you can assist . there is nothing to fear about as i have attached my pics for proper identification as i write this i write in tears and pains , i appeal to you to assist me so that the funds can be transfer i will give u more details as soon as hear from you .
i want you to know that i have been directed by the spirit to send this to you , may the lord bless you richly as you assist my family and me in regaining our lost life back as this is my mum ' s only wish right now ? and do please reply me with this email address :
onomeobi 78 @ netscape . net
best regards
onome obi
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com