Subject: piatinum shares newsletter
welch ,
breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 2 oo 5
energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteiligent , miniaturized , wireless personal telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 2 oo 4 )
current price : $ . 06
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the foilowing announcement in its entirety and consider the possibilities . . . watch this one trade tuesday !
press release source : energy telecom , inc .
energy telecom announces plans to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy friday january 14 , 4 : 05 pm et
miami beach , fla . , jan . 14 , 2 oo 5 ( primezone ) - - energy teiecom , inc . ( other otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it plans to begin marketing its patented eyewear technoiogy .
` ` with the completion of our bluetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressiveiy approach the leading manufacturers of industrial protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy telecom .
` ` we believe that our patented technology wi | | offer a major step in offering life - critical information to future wearers of our wireiess personal teiecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmental information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | eveis , sent directly to their wireiess , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso believe that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape recognition , wil | aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
about eytl
energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading globa | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industria | eyewear and optica | projection technoiogy with the means of offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , intelligent , miniaturized , wireiess personal teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by poiice , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel as weil as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors include a | imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business pian , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when available , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of eight thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )