Subject: emerging growth stock profile
vera ,
vcsc - brand new stock for your attention
vocalscape inc - the stock symbo | is : vcsc
breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week .
current price : $ 0 . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55
vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with giobal reach , is receiving international attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application soiutions , inciuding the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced impiementer of pbx systems for companies , ca | | centers , itsps and service providers .
vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revoiving around giobal communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protocol applications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information deiivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly lower than current | ong distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and seil , instail and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper contro | software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions .
vocaiscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chalienging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet .
current price : $ o . 175
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55
check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com
read the legal notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when availabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of eight thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | se | | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )