Subject: please aids to tsunami please assist ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
greetings my dear friend ,
i hope this email reaches you in good health . i am
writing you this email not because i know you before
but i got your contact address on the world wide web
when i was in search of someone trustworthy to help me
with this charity support to the victims of the
tsunami disaster . please be informed that when you
read this email , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me
because i believe everyone will die someday . my name
is herman von an architect in aqaba , jordan . i have
been diagnosed with lung cancer that has defiled all
forms of medical treatment , right now i have only
about a few months to live according to medical
experts .
i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i
never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) , all i
was concerned about was my business and making money .
though i am rich , i had never been generous , i was
always hostile to people and only focused on my
business as that was the only thing i cared for . truly
i tell you that now i regret all this as i come to
know that there is more to life than just wanting to
have or make all the money in the world .
therefore i believe that if god gives me a second
chance to come to this world i would live my life a
different way from how i have lived it . it is most
painful to know that you will die within a specified
time and even at that it is certain to me now that not
all problems can be solve by money . therefore now that
god as called me , i have willed and given most of my
properties and assets to my immediate and extended
family members as well as a few close friends . i want
god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so i have
decided to give alms to charity , as i want this to be
one of the last good deeds i do on earth . presently
considering the recent tsunami disaster , i have made
up my mind to give a relief support to affected people
because i feel if i do such i will be greatly reward
be our father in heaven .
presently i have 5 . 5 million us dollars ( five million ,
five hundred thousand ) in a security company in europe
and having given my family all my assets i wish to use
this as my own contribution to the victims of the
tsunami disaster . i have i have arranged for my lawyer
who will travel to netherlands where the fund was
deposited by me to help you claim it and thereafter
you will make the donation on my behalf in support of
the tsunami disaster victims . i do not want any of my
family members to know about this because they will
never be in support of it , considering all want i have
given to them i feel it is the right thing to do with
this money none of them knows about . i will offer you
20 % of the money while 10 % will go for expenses
incurred in this transaction and the remaining 70 %
will be for the relief support of the tsunami disaster
victims .
i hope to hear from you soon because i am lying
helplessly here just waiting for that day . as such i
will like this to be done soon , god be with you .
best regards ,
herman von .