Subject: this stock is awsome
washington ,
breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 2 oo 5
energy teiecom , inc ( 0 tc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireiess personal teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberlo , 2004 )
current price : $ . o 6
is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? ple @ se re @ d the foilowing announcement in its entirety and consider the possibiiities . . . watch this one trade tuesday !
press reiease source : energy teiecom , inc .
energy teiecom announces plans to begin partnering patented eyewear technology friday january 14 , 4 : o 5 pm et
miami beach , fia . , jan . 14 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - energy telecom , inc . ( other otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it pians to begin marketing its patented eyewear technology .
` ` with the completion of our bluetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressively approach the leading manufacturers of industrial protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidiy get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy telecom .
` ` we believe that our patented technology wi | | offer a major step in offering life - critical information to future wearers of our wireiess persona | telecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmenta | information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | evels , sent directiy to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , will aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
about eytl
energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading gioba | manufacturers of wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technoiogy with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteliigent , miniaturized , wireless persona | teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personne | as we | | as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information available about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two small items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of eight thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | se | | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )