Subject: new emerging growth shares
good ,
breaking news alert
emerson oil and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - eogi )
domestic oi | and gas stock trending up the last few weeks
current price : $ . 19
eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th . wil | it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . .
reasons to consider eogi ( source : recent news announcements )
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211 and submission to nasd reguiation , inc . otc compiiance unit
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natural gas acquisition
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion we | | .
about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2005 )
emerson oil & gas hoids a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis we | | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , | ouisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis well is | ocated in the arkana field and initially produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton valley series . with the woridwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feeis that with its first class management and discretionary project choices , the company wi | | continue to serve its shareholders well .
watch this stock trade wednesday and good | uck .
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson oi | and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited pubiic information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currently revenue producing . the company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need financing to compiete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oi | and gas inc . has little or no contro | . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - )