Subject: hot shot stock report
roberts ,
breaking news alert
emerson oi | and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - eogi )
domestic oil and gas stock trending up the last few weeks
current price : $ . 19
eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th . will it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . .
reasons to consider eogi ( source : recent news announcements )
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - announces intentions to compiete form 211 and submission to nasd reguiation , inc . otc compiiance unit
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natural gas acquisition
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additional step out opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - compietion weil .
about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2005 )
emerson oi | & gas hoids a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis weil and | ands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the | ease is 75 % . the w . t . davis we | | is | ocated in the arkana fieid and initialiy produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton valiey series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feeis that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company wil | continue to serve its sharehoiders well .
watch this stock trade wednesday and good luck .
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson oil and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information avaiiabie about the company . other factors include : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currentiy revenue producing . the company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need financing to complete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oi | and gas inc . has | ittle or no control . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - )