Subject: favour
attn . : russian investment opportunity .
dear sir or madam ,
introduction :
my name is abalikhin gabdrafikov , i am one of mr . mikhail
khodorkovsky ' s personal treasurers . mr . khodorkovsky was once one of the richest men in russia . mr . khodorkovsky is owner of the following
companies :
chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russia ' s largest oil company )
chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well known and well respected
financial institution with branches all over the world )
situation :
some while ago whilst in the process of crediting certain funds , via
various european security and finance companies , mr . khodorkovsky was arrested for his political involvement in the financing of political
parties which posed a threat to president vladimir putin ' s second
tenure as russian president .
due to these facts , yukos oil has been forced to file under chapter 11
for bankruptcy . ironically the shares of our largest conglomerates was
dubiously and specially orchestrated by putin and sold to a local coy
just last week . see as included here .
due to the situation wit regards to mr . mikhail khodorkovsky ' arrest '
and the recent takeover of the petroleum industry by the russian
government i have an amount in excess of $ 21 . 5 m usd which i seek your help and ' business advice ' in acquiring access to .
source of funds :
the documents that allow me access to the funds in question were handed over to me [ in the form of payment ] by a united stats based oil
merchant with regards to previous business done by him and mr .
khodorkovsky .
the funds are currently held by a european security and finance company who are charged with allocating and the final crediting of held funds .
at completion of business , should you agree to help me , you will be rewarded with the sum of 15 % of the aforementioned sum in cash to an
account of your choice for your ' advisory ' input as a ' consultant ' .
your role :
all i need from you is for you to agree to stand as the beneficiary of
the above mentioned sum . i will arrange for the documentation to be
translated and filed with the relevant agencies which will enable the
european finance company transfer the sum to an account .
as soon as i receive confirmation of your readiness to go ahead with
the transfer of funds i will send you all the appropriate documentation
that you need to continue including details of the european finance
house concerned with this transaction .
sincerely
abalikhin gabdrafikov
mail sent from e - mail service at grupo bantu site
- http : / / www . grupobantu . org