Subject: penny sharess can make you money . . .
investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j
breaking news released by the company on friday - watch
out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january .
current price : $ o . 13
did your portfolio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wiil it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primariiy through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are
buiiding homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ 0 . 13
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has
annualized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an
additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 50 - 75 miliion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan will be recognized for its quality of
service , value provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholly - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has
compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residential
accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole
instalier for new instaliations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and
wiil be their provider of other home technology products too .
sysiync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than doubie the homes we touch
throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wil | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technology solutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders
and homeowners , to design and instal | home technology solutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s lifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and
uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
generally identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions .
these forward - looking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and
achievements may differ materiaily from the results , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec .
read this | egal notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are
cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materiaily from
those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid
$ 1956 o from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our
express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our l i s t , piease go here
( - stocksmarketer @ yahoo . com - )