Subject: please do read
from the desk of :
mr edmund hermann
london
email : edmund _ hermann @ box . az
dear friend ,
firstly , this is not to cause you embarrassment , i am mr edmund hermann , a
personal friend and business associate to late mr . mark michelle ( untill his
death ) a national of france , who used to be a private contractor with the
shell petroleum development company in saudi arabia , herein after shall be
referred to as my friend . on the 21 st of may 2002 , he and his wife with their
three children were involved in an auto crash , all occupants of the vehicle
unfortunately lost their lives .
since then , i have made several enquiries with his country embassies to
locate any of his extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful .
after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you with this
proposal .
i am have contacting you to assist in repatriating this huge amount of money
left behind by my friend before the bank get it confiscated or declared
unserviceable by the bank / institution where these huge deposit is lodged .
the deceased had a deposit presently valued usd 21 million which i am aware of
and the bank has issued to his persoanl attorney a notice to provide his next
of kin or beneficiary by will otherwise have the account confisticated within
the next thirty official working days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now
as well as the attorney , i therefore seek your consent to present you as the
next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this
account valued at usd 21 million can be paid to you .
don ' t worry how this is going to be done . if you give me your williness to do
this with me , i will have to give you the contact informations of the
attorney , so that you can contact him directly , presenting your self to him
as the relative of his late client . and the attorney will now present you to
the bank as the next of kin and then , the proceedings for the transfer will
commence .
this will be disbursed or shared in these percentages , 55 % for me 30 % to
you , 10 % for charity organizations while the balance 5 % will be set aside for
any expences .
all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to
enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be
executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach
of the law .
i am presently in london and i ask for your cooperation to provide me the
following information :
1 . your full name
2 . your telephone / mobile and fax numbers
3 . your physical address .
your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated .
please contact me on my private email address ;
edmund _ hermann @ box . az
whether or not you are interested in assisting me .
this will enable me make alternative plans , in the
event of non - interest on your part .
best regards ,
mr edmund hermann