Subject: new breed of stock trader
investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch
out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current price : $ 0 . 12
projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 6 o
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company sells primarily through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has
annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthly
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an
additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of
$ 50 - 75 miilion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quaiity of
service , value provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholly - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has
completed an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of
home and commercial security systems , to service their residential
accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole
installer for new instailations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and
will be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
syslync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and buiider of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements wil | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitabiiity . "
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders
and homeowners , to design and install home technoiogy solutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - | ooking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and
uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are
generaliy identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , "
" intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions .
these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and
achievements may differ materially from the resuits , performance , and
achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec .
read this legal notes before you do anything eise :
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might "
occur . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of l r c j
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are
cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from
those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stockpromoter 2005 @ yahoo . com - )