Subject: new smal | cap growth stock
mnei - the best smail cap stock in 2005 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you wil | see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . mi | | ennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wi | | see why )
mi | | ennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partiaily or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while miilennium nationa | events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miliennium nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miilennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both | oca | deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mcallister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the match point acquisition uitimateiy being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 50 o as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambil | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time mi | | ennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wildcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this legal info
information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it .
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - )