Subject: sma | | - cap preview
mnei - the best smal | cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wi | | see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samue | adams , ciear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc loca | affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
news > > > . . miilennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium internationa | tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is rea | | y possibe ( if you look at level 2 you will see why )
millennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partially or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while miilennium nationa | events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming calendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 45
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you will see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miilennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium international tennis tournament .
mi | | ennium eariier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcaliister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition uitimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the ability to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcallister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | millennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finalist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo melio ( brazi | ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please gohere
( - stoxmarketer @ yahoo . com - )