Subject: urgent assistance
investment i am engineer mr adex obi staff of one of the
influential banks in nigeria and the head of computer / record ,
recently , the central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) released an additional list
of twenty one ( 21 ) terrorist group / individuals and directed all
financial institutions in the country to bring to them for possible
freezing . having gone through our records , i discovered that maria
soleda spain , muonoaorrdozgoitti and olarra guridi who bank with us are
among the names listed by the central bank of nigeria as terrorists and
have since disappeared . this development prompted me to dislodge the
account from the computer system and all traceable documents retrieved
for security purposes however the sum balance of the accounts is
$ 50 , 500 , 000 . 00 . i extend to trance the above sum into a foreign
accounts and would require accounts your require your assistance as
follows : provision of a suitable account in which this huge sum can
be lodged on install mental basis . to provide sources of investment
interests to invest large proportion of this fund . to assist me in
the acquisition of a standard home in your country for the fact that i
and my family will leave nigeria as soon as the business is concluded to
enable me take control of my investments there . please note : this is
a proposal , which if i including the sharing ratio will provide
accepted , other information regarding this transaction discussed and
agreed on . please visit one of our national daily : vanguard
newspaperperson website : http : / / www . vanguardngr . com
publication date is thursday , march 14 , 2002 . vol . 17 : no . 4948 front
page . please be assured that this business is strictly under my
control , safe and risk free . i expect your urgent reply to enhance quick
transaction . you may wish to reach me on my e - mail address : adexobi @ myway . com
yours sincerelymr adex
obi
kaixo ! ( http : / / www . kaixo . com )
portal de euskadi - euskadiko ataria