Subject: greetings to you
mrs . shirley yema gbujama
minister of social welfare ,
gender and children affairs
sierra leone
greetings to you ,
with warm heart i offer my friendship , and greetings ,
and i hope this mail meets you in good time . however
strange or surprising this contact might seem to you
as we have not met personally or had any dealings in
the past , i humbly ask that you take due consideration
of its importance and the immense benefit it will be
to you .
after careful consideration with my children , we
resolved to contact you for your most needed
assistance in this manner . i duly apologize
for infringing on your privacy , if this contact is not
acceptable to you , as i make this proposal to you as a
person of integrity .
first and foremost i wish to introduce myself properly
to you . my name is mrs . shirley yema gbujama , mother of
three and the minister of social welfare , gender and children
affairs and other ministeries for eight years running .
you may view my profile on the following link ;
i will now give you a general overview of the
situation . when i was sworn in as minister of social
welfare , gender and children affairs in 1996 , with my
influence , my husband mr . anthony gbujama , a very successful
businessman was awarded several contracts in my
ministry and had direct dealings with foreign
investors in this field . due to my political status , i
was not involved in my husband ' s business which was
very vast and successful . my beloved husband died
whilst on an official trip to one of his project sites , where
they were attacked by rebles and killed and their corpese were never found .
when my husband died , i was contacted as next of kin
by a private security firm in europe to come forth
with the certificate of deposit and claim a safety
deposit my husband has in their vault in his name . at
that time , my children and i did not have an idea
where the certificate might be . we then instructed the
security firm to continue holding the safety deposit
until further instructions from me . whilst preparing
for the second remembrance of my beloved husband , i
was going through his library collection and to my
astonishment i discovered a certificate of deposit for
the safety deposit with this private security firm ,
and other documents relating to the safety deposit in
a book . the safety deposit which is a trunk , is
stocked with hard currency ( us dollars ) totalling
$ 18 , 500 , 000 which was generated from cash payments
from his business associates in the diamond trade from
antwerp , belgium .
though i knew my late husband was in the diamond
business , i did not have the knowledge that he moved
funds in cash . this has came as a shock to me and my
children , and we have decided to have this fund
invested immediately in commercial and residential
properties abroad as well as profitable ventures , as
any member of my family cannot hold such a huge
amount in our name due to my political status , hence
we sincerely propose to you to render us your most
needed assistance in this regard .
if you agree to render us your assistance , your role
in this project will be to act on my behalf as a
trustee to receive the safety deposit containing the
funds from the security firm .
for your reliable assistance , we are offering you 15
% of the funds . i thank you in advance as
we anticipate your assistance in enabling us achieve
this goal . as you may understand , due to my sensitive position in the present
government , it is not safe to communicate with me via
phone or fax .
this is why i have communicated with you with my
private email address , and i like us to keep this way ,
for the safety of this transaction .
please contact me on my private email address ;
yemasfamily @ netscape . net
whether or not you are interested in assisting us .
this will enable us make alternative plans , in the
event of non - interest on your part .
with warm regards ,
mrs . shirley yema gbujama