Subject: penny stock booms on continued demand
us oi | and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy plays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track
to miilions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi |
beit " .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in 10 days
oil prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is foilowed by soaring undervalued otc oil piays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfolios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potential oil and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " leader in major oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , multiple drilling programs have been solidified
through vaiuable strategic alliances . these expioration partnerships
enable the company to accumuiate substantia | working interests being
developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures invoiving we | | re - entry programs in extremely proiific
production areas using the highest | eve | of technoiogy currentiy
availabie .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as all 6 dow
jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natura | gas weils in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
vaiue with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 60 % in crease is
| ikely next year .
we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can
only add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smail fioat estimated at less than
5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume
as the value of their current oi | deals are revealed .
us oi | and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be | ost .
we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initia | starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oil and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand doilars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace
undue reliance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 033 @ yahoo . com - )