Subject: attention ! ! ! can you be honest ?
from : 1002 lausanne
switzerland
dear friend .
my name is ms . lioudmila oconnor a member of independent
committee of eminent persons ( icep ) , switzerland . this committee
is charged with the responsibility of finding bank accounts in
switzerland belonging to non - swiss indigenes , which have remained
dormant since world war ii .
it may interest you to know that in july of 1997 , the swiss banker ' s
association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by
non - swiss citizens . these accounts had been dormant since the end of
world war ii ( may 9 , 1945 ) . most belonged to holocaust victims .
the continuing efforts of the independent committee of
eminent persons have since resulted in the discovery of additional
dormant accounts - 54 , 000 in december , 1999 .
the published lists contain all types of dormant accounts , including
interest - bearing savings accounts , securities accounts , safe deposit
boxes , custody accounts , and non - interest - bearing transaction
accounts . numbered accounts are also included . interest is paid
on accounts that were interest bearing when established .
the claims resolution tribunal handles processing of all claims on
accounts due non - swiss citizens . a dormant account of ( the deceased )
with a credit balance of 21 , 000 , 000 us dollar plus
accumulated interest was discovered by me . the beneficiary was
murdered during the holocaust era , leaving no will and no possible
records for trace of heirs . the claims resolution tribunal has been
mandated to report all unclaimed funds for permanent closure of
accounts and transfer of existing credit balance into the treasury
of switzerland government as provided by the law for management of
assets of deceased beneficiaries who died interstate ( living no
wills ) .
being a top executive at icep , i have all secret details and necessary
contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch . the funds will be
banked in a safe haven and we can share the funds and use in
investment of our choice . due to the sensitive nature of my job , i
need a foreigner to help claim the funds .
all that is required is for you to provide me with your details for
processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim documents
for transfer of the funds to you , to this regard , you are expected to
fill out a text form . i will pay all required fees to ensure
that the fund is transferred to a secured , numbered account in your
name , where you will be capable of accessing the funds and gradually
transfering to your country and other
banks of choice in the world . there is no risk involved .
you can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the
internet at the following websites :
www . swissbankclaims . com
www . wiesenthal . com
the holocaust claims processing office has put funds in escrow
awaiting submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement .
i find myself priviledged to have this information and this may be a
great opportunity for a life time of success without risks . due to
confidential reasons , reply via email only . you may reply to me
securely through this email address ( lioudmila . lioumila @ gmx . net )
i await your urgent response to this proposal via my email address .
thank you for your prompt response .
my regards
kimaeva lioudmila
* * * * private & confidential * * * * * this e - mail and any attached files are confidential and may be legally privileged .
if you are not the addressee , any disclosure , reproduction , copying , distribution ,
or other dissemination or use of this communication is strictly prohibited .
if you have received this transmission in error please notify the sender immediately
and then delete this e - mail . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or
error free as information can be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,
arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . we therefore
cannot be held liable for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message ,
which arise as a result of e - mail transmission .