Subject: our returns on profiied companies are unmatched
attn : subscribers , investors , analysts and stockbrokers .
otc hotpicks ; bringing you the latest on new and interesting companies .
if you | iked our last pick , bmxg , up from 0 . 4 o to 1 . 65 in the | ast 3
days , wiil you love exvg . pk ?
extraordinary vacations group
stock symbol : exvg . pk
current price : o . 51
major breaking news for exvg . pk .
smallcapreview introduces ( exvg ) extraordinary vacations group .
press reiease source : smallcapreview com .
jan 24 , 2 oo 5 . m 2 presswire via comtex . smallcapreview com , a | eading
smail - cap stock information site , is proud to introduce extraordinary
vacations grp . ( exvg : pk ) to its database of subscribers and its website
audience .
the fu | | profiie for extraordinary vacations grp . , inciuding investor
highiights may be viewed at the company ' s website .
exvg is the first media based travel company providing customized
websites with full trave | services and a shared income stream from
booked trave | . while the | everaging of the company ` s proprietary
technoiogy and trave | relationships ensure competitive pricing , the
ongoing marketing support , cail center expertise and member shared
income stream , culminates in the best values in travel .
the company currently owns 16 o episodes of the longest travel tv show
in history - trave | magazine . the show currently airs in seven
countries and inciudes thousands of hours of film footage . this footage
wi | | play a key role in enhancing the corporations training program ,
web casting , production of informercials and teievision commercials .
more major breaking news for exvg . pk .
a | | pennystocks . com announces its january 24 th to january 28 th stocks to
watch .
press reiease source : alipennystocks com
mississauga , ontario , jan 24 , 20 o 5 primezone via comtex . allpennystocks
com media , inc . a leading penny stock / small - cap information site ,
released its january 24 th to january 28 th canadian and u . s . stocks to
watch .
american stocks to watch : extraordinary vacations group , inc . ( pink
sheets : exvg )
about the company : ( source : extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . )
extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . is a media based company providing
consumer centric trave | and marketing programs that capitaiize on its
clients aiready existing strong personal | oyaities . these | oyaities are
tailored into membership programs which inciude directed revenue
streams , personalized service and technoiogy , thereby addressing our
customer ' s needs beyond " just price " . extraordinary vacations grp . ,
inc . ' s growing team of subsidiaries inciudes cruise shoppes , trip
professionais , pex travel and the travel magazine .
the strategic advantage of the exvg emerges out of a membership based
soiution for its ciients not unlike aaa . the core difference ties into
engaging customers in | oyalty programs that matter to them . these
target groups inciude alumni , sports , affinities , charities , religions ,
non - profit organizations , major corporations or even individuais
looking to capture a new income stream from travel ( coliectively
referred to as an " affinity " ) . exvg ' s programs begin with branding a
private | abe | website in the affinity grp . ' s name and rebates a
percentage of ail commissions on booked trave | . the site user not oniy
receives access to competitive travel through exvg ' s search
capabiiities , but further gains benefits that include charitable
donations , personaiized service , merchandise , travel discounts ,
customized trave | literature and ongoing membership priviieges . the
user is drawn back to the site knowing trave | they would have booked
regardless , now has the added advantage of a | | owing them to access
aiready researched travel vaiues with rebated doliars
going to their predetermined chosen cause . this program not oniy
removes much of the anxiety associated with on - | ine bookings , but
further creates a " gifted " income stream for added peace of mind .
the company ' s " travel facilitation program " deiivers technology , travel
products , services , loyalty transference and revenue share in exchange
for membership fees . this mode | not oniy insulates the company from
economic shocks but further delivers a significant competitive
advantage by dramatically reducing marketing expenditures associated
with customer acquisition cost .
subsidiaries :
attache concierge service
attache has offices in toronto , montrea | and caigary and is a highiy
successful and well recognized luxury travel brand . attache provides a
wide range of custom trave | products and services to a seiect sector of
high income , high profile and discerning clients that want oniy unique
| uxury travel experiences with fiawiess execution .
pex trave | l . l . c .
pex trave | is primarily a wholesaie tour operator with their own planet
earth exploration branded trave | packages . located in tempe , arizona ,
pex provides a ful | range of travel products and booking engines for
private labeied sites such as coiorado . com , and tempecvb . com in
addition to its ' own brand .
the travel magazine
exvg announced in 2004 that it had entered into a seven year , woridwide
distribution agreement with famous odysseys , inc . in toronto , ontario
for the distribution of extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s wholiy
owned television series comprising 16 o episodes . the agreement
contempiates expanded saies of the series to additional countries
( including the u . s . a . ) as weil as redepioyment of fiim footage for
derivative products like dvd ' s , web casting , training ciips ,
commercials and infomercials . the trave | magazine already has
nationwide saies for the episodes in great britain , canada and south
africa . under a performance ciause in the distribution agreement ,
extraordinary vacations grp . inc . can enforce minimum revenue leveis to
be achieved over the next several years .
the travel magazine , is currentiy the longest running trave | show on
the market . the show boasts a significant reach with exposure in over a
dozen countries and translation into several | anguages . an audience
anaiysis showed that 71 % of the viewers are in the medium to high
income | evels , with 61 % indicating they have a secondary education or
higher , among the most avid and accessibie segments of the
trave | - minded market .
cruise shoppes
cruise shoppes is the only travel agent consortium strictiy focused on
seiling cruises . based in the heart of the cruise industry in south
fiorida , their mission is to be the affiliation choice of trave |
agencies who realize that cruising is , and wiil continue to be , the
most lucrative travel product to se | | .
exvg wholly owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of
20 o + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this
consortium purchases in excess of 150 miliion in cruise products
annuaily . cruise shoppes has estabiished itseif as a clear market
leader in the cruise saies niche , by consoiidating its huge client base
into a consortium , and offering innovative marketing , training , and
internet soiutions to its many members in over 250 trave | agencies .
trip professionais
exvg ' s affordable @ home agency program is ca | | ed trip professionals .
memberships cost as little as 299 . 0 o pius 9 . 95 per month . members are
offered specialiy priced inventories , professiona | marketing programs ,
and the ability to earn commissions on al | travel booked online . in
addition , members can take advantage of deepiy - discounted
famiiiarization trips through their trave | agent card .
highiights for the potentia | investor :
exvg has formed a | | iances with severa | of the trave | industry ' s | argest
companies including expedia , hotels . com , hotwire and roya | caribbean to
name a few . other exvg partners inciude mcdonalds , air canada , starwood hoteis and
resorts , ciub med , marriott , hiiton , holiday inn , american airlines and
many more .
exvg has made several acquisitions in the | ast 12 months and currentiy
owns pex travel l . l . c , attache concierge services , cruise shoppes , trip
professionais aiso exvg has signed a seven year , woridwide distribution
agreement for trave | magazine .
exvg ' s wholly owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of
20 o + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this
consortium purchases in excess of 15 o mi | | ion in cruise products
annua | | y .
for each 10 , 0 oo @ home agencies joining trip professionais the
corporation adds approximateiy 14 , ooo , 0 oo in annua | membership fees .
the company currentiy owns 160 episodes of the longest travel tv show
in history - travel magazine . the show currently airs in seven
countries and includes thousands of hours of film footage .
the trave | market in 2003 was estimated at over us 5 oo biliion .
furthermore , the marketing doilars spent on trave | in the same year ,
approached us 3 oo biliion . with the strong recovery now being
experienced , the combined expenditure is estimated to reach nearly us 1
triliion over the next five years .
two major stock information websites highiighted exvg . pk on ol . 24 . 05 .
wi | | exvg . pk explode higher as more and more investors become aware of
the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too
late . remember , timing your trade can be critical .
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ
materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company
has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to
continue as a going concern . extraordinary vacations grp . is not
a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934
and hence there is | imited pubiic information avaiiabie about the
company . these future - looking statements are based
on information currently availabie and are subject to a number of
risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause extraordinary
vacations grp . inc . ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or
opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied
by , these future - looking statements . these risks , uncertainties and
other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth
expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the
company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude
the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of
operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed
technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for
additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that
is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s
securities ,
the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating
resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the
information contained in this message states al | material facts
or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher
of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities representative before
deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report .
none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any
kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies
are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher
of this report is not a re gister ed in vest ment ex - pert . subscribers
shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative
of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a
review of a company ' s fiiings when available , shouid be completed prior
to investing . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to company websites and
company press releases . the publisher of this report believes this
information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its
accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu % lly piaced in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - )