Subject: winning notification ! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
southernpole . org
34 maydon road ,
kwazulu natal , south africa
congratulations !
from : promotions manager ,
international promotions / prize award department ,
ref no : rsa / 90528544 / 2005
batch no : 23 / 732030 / ds / har
attention
re : your grand prize award winning notification - final notice .
we wish to inform you of the lottery draws held on
22 nd january 2005 to declare the winners of southernpole international promotions . your company , attached to ticket number 477 - 31172 - 4576 - 878 , with serialnumber 676 - 01 drew the
lucky numbers 23 - 83 - 78 - 12 - 01 - 60 , and consequently
won the lottery .
you have therefore been approved for
a lump sum pay out of rands 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 in cash
credited to file ref no : rsa / 90528544 / 2005 . this is
from total prize money of rands 255 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared
among the seventeen international winners in this
category .
note that no tickets were sold , participants were selected randomly through a computer ballot system drawn from 300 , 000 names of people living in the : united kingdom , america , other countries in europe , australia , new zealand , middle - east , asia and africa . from all search engines and web sites as part of our international promotions program conducted annually to encourage prospective overseas entries . this promotional program is promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities and other corporate organisations .
this is your opportunity that your fate has brought to you and we are honoured to have you in a master database . we hope with part of this prize award winning , you will take part in our subsequent lottery jackpots while we say , congratulations ! ! !
eligibility :
this promotion is offered only electronically via the internet and is open to all natural persons aged at least 18 years and older with a valid email address and who live in any of the aforementioned countries . this promotion is void in all other countries and also is void where prohibited . principals and employees of southernpole organisation , it ' s subsidiaries and immediate family members are not eligible .
claim procedures :
for overseas lucky winners , it is our standard practices to allocate accredited agents for the processing of claim application on behalf of overseas lucky winners and payment of grand prize awards winning to the benefit of beneficiaries after all modalities have been completed satisfactorily . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol
to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by
participants of this promotion
to begin your claim , you are advised to contact your claims agent for the processing of your prize awards winning and payment to your designated bank account after all statutory obligations have been concluded satisfactorily .
chris kana
claims manager .
tel : + 27 - 76 - 159 - 8226
email : southernpolel 1 @ winning . com
for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact the claims agent not later than two weeks from the receipt of this mail . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed .
note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference number in every one of your correspondences with the claims agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible .
congratulations again from all our staff and thank you
for being part of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
margret r . slim
the promotions manager ,
southernpole sweepstakes lottery
email : southernpole @ indiatimes . com
* * * " your chance to win big " * *