Subject: high voiume bounce on this stock
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
millennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
miilenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samue | adams , ciear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox
broadcasting , nbc
loca | affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine &
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the news . . . read the entire news below
news > > > . . miilennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to
acquire
ail of the outstanding shares of miilennium national imports , inc . , a
texas company .
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 50
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is reaily
possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wiil see why )
millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the worid of special events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which
owns ,
partialiy or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events
and
event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , colorado ,
california and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while mi | | ennium
nationa |
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ o . 50
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy
possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wil | see why )
news
delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - millennium
national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has
entered
into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miilennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miilennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering
into
acquisition negotiations .
both local deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i
believe
we couid be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - alone companies , "
said robert mca | | ister , ceo
we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation
is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of
each individual event . "
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miilennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimateiy being able to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potential source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the deal to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the world , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambi | | and james biake . aiso entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currently at no . 25 ,
two - time
mi | | ennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( beigium ) and defending champion
ricardo melio ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wildcards that
can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event .
read this | ega | info
information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , "
or that
by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might "
occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to
investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email .
none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind
of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
from
the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest
in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and
uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materiaily from those
set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a
soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security
mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was
paid
$ 52600 from third party to send this report . ail statements made are
our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include
terms
as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and
" intend " or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our list , please go here
( - stoxo 014 @ yahoo . com - )