Subject: the next move higher for strong market leader
energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl )
offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way ,
inteliigent , miniaturized , wireless personal
telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news
december 10 , 2 oo 4 )
current price : $ . o 3
adds advisors formeriy with motoroia ( nyse : mot ) and
harris corp ( nyse : hrs ) read beiow
is eytl an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go
higher ? piease review exactiy what this company does .
does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one
trade .
reasons to consider eytl : ( source : recent press
reieases )
* energy telecom announces the appointment of henry l .
pujol as advisor - previousiy served as vice president
and director of integrated eiectrics system sector , a
division of motorola . mr . pujo | aiso served as vice
president of linkworks and was vice president of the
paging products group at motoroia as weil as the
manager of research and engineering at martin marietta
* energy telecom announces appointment of herbert r .
perkins to advisory board - was vice president of
internationa | wireless saies for harris corporation
( nyse : hrs - news ) , the | argest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the world for both radio and television .
* energy telecom announces plans to begin partnering
patented eyewear technology - ` ` firefighters , rescue
workers and soldiers can now have real - time
environmental information , inciuding temperature ,
gaseous content , and radiation levels , sent directly
to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso beiieve
that the company ' s recent patent filing , for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape
recognition , wil | aiso generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
* energy teiecom announces new capabilities for its
eyeware - now able to piay mp 3 fiies through its
patented technology for eyeware .
about eytl : us and foreign patents ( source : news :
january 19 , 2 oo 5 )
energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents
designed to provide leading gioba | manufacturers of
wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optical
projection technology with the means of offering the
world ' s first hands - freee two - way wireiess personal
telecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are
designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by
police , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel
as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining ,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this emai | contains " forward
looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica |
fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward
looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or
events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
" projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , "
" anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands "
or that by statements indicating certain actions
" may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the securities
act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
avaiiable about the company . other factors include a
| imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since
its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currently an operating company . the company has two
smal | items in coliection against it . the company is
going to need financing . if that financing does not
occur , the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you couid lose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but
are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to
complete its business plan , market conditions , the
general acceptance of the company ' s products and
technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other
risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states ail
material facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misieading . all information provided within this email
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the materia | within this report
shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by
investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this
newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as
| ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are
speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies . you would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that
happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s
filings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to
investing . in compiiance with the securities act of
1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter
discioses the receipt of seventeen thousand doliars
from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias . the party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wiil sell at anytime without notice . this
couid have a negative impact on the price of the
stock , causing you to lose money . a | | factual
information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , including but not | imited to company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this
newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiabie
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 015 @ yahoo . com - )