Subject: your winning nomination ! ! !
attention lucky winner ,
i am mr . douglas randall the fiduciary agent assigned to your case . i wish to congratulate you on your victory , you are a lucky person to have won this lottery . your email address was amongst those chosen this quarter from our new java - based software that randomly selects email addresses from the web from which winners are selected . you are required to forward the following details to help facilitate the processing of your claims and certificate which will facilitate the release of your winnings .
your winning price is to the tune of two million euros .
1 . full names .
2 . phone number .
3 . fax number .
4 . occupation .
5 . sex .
6 . age .
7 . nationality .
you are advised to forward this information as soon as possible to enable us attend to your winnings . our firm has been contracted to handle payments on your behalf , once we confirm your information , your payments would be processed . everything was done in such a way that
our payments mode would meet the standards set by the lottery boards . after you have sent down these information , a certificate will be prepared for you . this is to be your proof of winning from this office to the payment center before they release your funds .
be advised that your winnings would be paid to you in four ( 4 ) installments of 500 , 000 . 00 euros { five hundred thousand euros } . this is done because of the amount won by you . this money would be paid to you on instalmental basis via the correspondent bank of the lottery
promoters . you are advised to keep your winning price secret to avoid unscrupulous elements from taking advantage of the situation .
once again , congratulations .
sincerely ,
mr . douglas randall
douglas randall & associates
50 broadway
westminster
london swlh obl
united kingdom
practice areas : -
banking / finance
intellectual property
charities
litigation / dispute resolution
competition
private client
corporate / public employment
real estate / property
environment
shipping
family
tax
mail sent from webmail service at desireactor . com - http : / / www . desireactor . com