Subject: get back to me on receipt
request for assistance in a financial transaction
i am making this contact with you based on trust and
confidence i have for you , your company and god
irrespective of the fact that we have not met before
and because of the nature of the business i am about
to introduce to you , i want to remain positive having
the faith , the will and convincing myself that you
will be interested and capable to do business with me .
this business proposal i wish to intimate you with is
of mutual benefit and it ? s success is entirely based
on mutual trust , cooperation and a high level of
confidentiality as regard this transaction .
i am the chairman of the contract advisory committee
( cac ) of the ajaokuta rolling mills . i am seeking your
assistance to enable
me transfer the sum of us $ 28 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight
million united states dollars ) into your
private / company account .
the fund came about as a result of a contract awarded
and executed on behalf of the rolling mill .
the contract was awarded to a foreign contractor to
the tune of us $ 78 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( sixty million united
states dollars ) . but in the course of me negotiation with
them , there was a short fall
us $ 28 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million united states
dollars )
to my benefit unknown to the
contractor . this contract has been satisfactorily
executed and inspected as the contractor is
presently securing payment from my ministry , where i
am the executive director in - charge of all foreign
contract payment approval .
as a civil servant still in active government service ,
i am forbidden by law to operate an account outside
the shores of nigeria . hence this message to you
seeking your assistance so as to enable me present
your private / company account details as a beneficiary
of contractual claims alongside that of the
contractor , to enable me transfer the difference of
us $ 28 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million united states
dollars ) into your provided account . on actualization ,
the fund will be disbursed as stated below .
1 . 30 % of the fund will be for you as beneficiary
2 . 10 % for reimbursement to both parties for
incidental expenses that may be incurred during the
course of the transaction .
3 . 60 % of the fund will be for me which i intend to
invest in your country with you as my partner .
all logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for a smooth actualization of the transaction
within the next few working days of commencement . for
further details as to the workability of this
transaction , please respond by return mail on my
confidential email : danwalter 7 @ sify . com .
god bless as i ' m anxiously waiting for your urgent
response . please when replying , indicate your
confidential tel and fax numbers & provide a company
name you would like us to use in applying for payment
for urgent conclusion of the transaction .
note : your line of business does not matter , only that
you must keep this transaction close to your heart at
all times .
yours faithfully
dr dan walter
nb : get back to me on receipt through this mail address
danwalter 7 @ sify . com