Subject: private mail
from the desk of hajia mariam abacha ( mrs )
dear friend ,
this might be a surprise to you about where i got your contact address . please i got your name and address through a commercial publication via internet courtesy of s . a . i . e . during my desperate search for someone that could honestly and confidentially assist me by serving as my trustee .
i am mrs . mariam abacha , the widow of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigerian military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest . since after my husband ? s death my family is under restriction of movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested , policed and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian civilian government .
furthermore , my elder son is in detention by the nigerian government for more interrogation about my husband ? s assists and some vital documents .
following the recent discovery of my husband ? s bank account by the nigerian government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dm 450 milllion was logged . i therefore decided to contact you in confidence that i was able to move out the sum of us $ 25 million dollars , which was secretly lodged in a trunk box and deposited with a security company as materials of inheritance .
i therefore personally , appeal to you seriously and religiously for your urgent assistance to move this money into your country where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restriction of movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigerian government .
you will be contacted by my family attorney akintola johnson and my lawyer shall arrange with you for a face to face meeting outside nigerian , in order to liaise with you toward effective completion of this transaction .
however , arrangements have been put in place to move this money out of the country in a secret vault through a diplomatic security company , as soon as you indicate your interest , forward to my lawyer your telephone number , fax number and your postal address so that he can send to you the certificate of deposit and other necessary documents , so that you can help to claim the luggage .
conclusively , we have agreed to offer you 30 % of the total sum while 70 % is to be held on trust by you until we decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent to our free movement by the nigerian government .
please reply to this mail urgently and treat with absolute confidentiality and sincerity .
best regards ,
hajia mariam abacha ( mrs . )
nb : to proove the authenticity of my story i will want you to go through
the links below .
4 : september 16 2002 time magazine page 52 .
you can contact me via my email address . ( hajiamariam 98 @ yahoo . com . cn )
switch to netscape internet service .
as low as $ 9 . 95 a month - - sign up today at http : / / isp . netscape . com / register
netscape . just the net you need .
new ! netscape toolbar for internet explorer
search from anywhere on the web and block those annoying pop - ups .
download now at http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / search / install . jsp