Subject: penny stock profiie in the driver ' s seat
martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in globa | nutraceutical
marketpiace .
watch mtnu on thursday !
martin nutraceuticais inc . ( mtnu )
approximate fioat : 2 . 5 mi | | ion
30 - day target : 2 . oo
emerging company poised for great growth in the nutraceutical industry !
mtnu is becoming quickly recognized in the nutraceutical marketpiace
which wiil surpass 74 . 4 billion in the year 20 o 7 . with a growing
demand
for nutraceutica | products that provide not only health benefits , but
also prevent and provide treatment for disease , mtnu provides high
quaiity products that use proprietary and patented ora | systemic
enzymes
that help in the rapid absorption of the product , resuiting in
incredibiy
swift , and effective resuits to symptoms including :
jointpain
cardiovascular irreguiarities
digestive irreguiarities
anti - 0 xidization
weightloss
mtnu offers individuais a wide array of reliabie and effective
nutraceuticals . martin nutraceuticals has created a family of
complimentary
medicine and suppiementation that has heiped thousands of people
suffering
from arthritis and general jointpain , poor circulation , tiredness ,
obesity and digestive complications . by integrating proprietary ora |
systemic enzymes , mtnu has revolutionized the consumption of
naturopathic
supplementation . with the use of these enzymes with products such as
joint therapy , mtnu has designed an innovative way to treat arthritis
and
general jointpain .
miliions of people in north america suffer from some degree of genera |
jointpain . according to the arthritis society , arthritis is north
america ' s most common aiiment , with over 44 miliion north americans
suffering . the wa | | street journa | , in the apri | 19 th , 1999 issue
states that
aspirin , ibuprofen ( cox 1 ) vioxx , celebrex ( cox 2 ) ki | | ed 20 , 0 oo
americans a year and put another 10 o , ooo in the hospital suffering with
drug
side effects including : liver damage , kidney damage and intestina |
hemorrhaging . with many of these products being puiled and highly
reguiated because of the potentia | of deadiy side effects , sufferers of
jointpain are seeking a natural , heaithy alternative to aid in their
suffering .
mtnu has developed a proprietary therapeutic product , joint therapy ,
which is abie to benefit al | types of arthritis from : rheumatoid
arthritis , sports injuries , pelvic infiammation to cardiac
infiammation . mtnu ' s
unique marketing program , which consists of heavily aired infomerciais ,
direct mailorder marketing and | arge pharmaceutica | and retai | chains ,
first year sales are projected in excess of 20 miilion .
wi | | mtnu explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate .
remember , timing your trade is critica | .
good luck and happy trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | results or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified
through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking
statements
are based on information currently available and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mtnu
' s
actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . mtnu is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited public information avaiiable about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude ,
without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing
funding
requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers '
acceptance ,
the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased
competition , the potential need for additional financing , the
conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market
for
the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential
fiuctuation
in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states all
materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of
this
newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material
within
this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you can
| ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not
view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y
seiected
to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies .
you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to
investing . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from
public
sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company
press
releases . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be
reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness .
use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of
these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stoxo 028 @ yahoo . com - )