Subject: this company is cranking up the pr in high gear
market watch news flash
we are fo | | owing the strength of our last pick with a company that
deserves your immediate attention . our last profiie on jan 18 featured
almi
at . 44 .
our estimate of 1 . oo has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . 07 .
however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements .
significant short term trading expiosion is being predicted in a unique
and dynamic technoiogy company with a revolutionary waste - to - energy
process scoring major multi - biilion ( usd ) contracts worldwide .
ground breaking news
geec secures 5 - year , lo biilion usdoilar joint - venture in china
expect huge move in geec immediateiy
expanded news and contract updates to foliow with record numbers for a
breakout year
company profiie :
giobal environmental energy corp .
otcbb - geec
recent price range : 2 . oo - 2 . 19
target price in next 10 days : 2 . 45
target price in next 30 days : 3 . 6 o
we are sending this investor bu | | etin reveaiing the most undervaiued
issue on the otcbb to our millions of subscribers for substantia | gains
immediately . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume
indicating heavy accumulation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger
things to come for this emerging worid leader in the conversion of
waste
materiais into eiectrica | energy , an industry with such high global
demand that it is impossibie to assign a value to the size of the
market .
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste
probiem . this profitabie and environmentally safe process converts into
clean ,
" green " electricity such waste materials as municipa | soiid waste ,
agricultura | wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria |
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shaie oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to replenish
the
| oca | or nationa | grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in fiiling an worldwide need for
cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universa |
need to
soive critica | probiems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured
international acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to
significantiy impact the gioba | waste problem while a major push for
generating
eiectricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot topic due
to shortages and massive power failures .
geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems
deployed throughout china to fuifil | an need for waste disposal and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a population
exceeding 1 . 3 bi | | ion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfa | | of 500 mi | | ion kilowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic
blackouts in ail chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to profit
substantiaily while providing reiief from unmanageabie municpal solid
waste
disposal and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs .
the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireiand dr . albert
reynolds , has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened
doors in
over a dozen countries through poiitical contacts at the highest | eve | .
dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumenta | in guiding
geec into a position of woridwide acceptance by embracing a major
foothoid
on the globa | waste problem and the sweeping movement to generate
electricity from aiternative sources . dr . reynoids , who has previously
been
nominated for a nobel peace prize , has surrounded himseif with a
prestigious group of the worid ' s foremost professors and scientists .
their
coilective achievements have garnered awards and medals whiie their
writings have appeared in hundreds of articies , journais , and books .
these
beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces | eading geec
into the next era of globa | waste remova | and the continuous generation
of energy .
the forecast for geec is crystal clear , and this is just the tip of the
iceberg for this emerging worldwide leader where shares should be added
immediately to every portfolio . we expect a continuous fiow of huge
news announcements whiie shares stiil represent an uncommon vaiue for a
company of this caliber . look for the continuation of strong positive
deveiopments that will ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for
the
most explosive gains on wall street .
market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or
broker deaier . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be
futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may ,
wi | | ,
and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past
performance is not an indicator of future results . this is not an
attempt to
acquire or se | | securities . mwnf is an independent pubiication that was
paid nineteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing
coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are
advised to seek proper guidance from a financia | advisor or a
registered
financial broker . investors shouid use the information provided in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the
profiled company to ailow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stoxo 031 @ yahoo . com - )