Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portfolio
market watch news flash
we are following the strength of our last pick with a company that
deserves your immediate attention . our last profiie on jan 18 featured
almi
at . 44 .
our estimate of 1 . 00 has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . o 7 .
however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements .
significant short term trading expiosion is being predicted in a unique
and dynamic technology company with a revolutionary waste - to - energy
process scoring major muiti - billion ( usd ) contracts worldwide .
ground breaking news
geec secures 5 - year , lo billion usdoilar joint - venture in china
expect huge move in geec immediately
expanded news and contract updates to follow with record numbers for a
breakout year
company profile :
global environmental energy corp .
otcbb - geec
recent price range : 2 . 00 - 2 . 19
target price in next 10 days : 2 . 45
target price in next 3 o days : 3 . 60
we are sending this investor bulletin revealing the most undervalued
issue on the otcbb to our millions of subscribers for substantia | gains
immediateiy . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume
indicating heavy accumuiation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger
things to come for this emerging worid | eader in the conversion of
waste
materials into electrical energy , an industry with such high gioba |
demand that it is impossible to assign a value to the size of the
market .
geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at
5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste
probiem . this profitabie and environmentaily safe process converts into
clean ,
" green " eiectricity such waste materiais as municipal soiid waste ,
agricuitura | wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes ,
sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used
tires .
geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of electricity from the
waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to repienish
the
local or nationa | grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in fi | | ing an woridwide need for
cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universa |
need to
solve critical problems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured
international acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to
significantiy impact the gioba | waste problem whiie a major push for
generating
electricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot topic due
to shortages and massive power failures .
geec just announced a lo biilion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese
government - operated companies , including yanzhou coa | mining ( nyse -
yzc ,
74 . 0 o ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems
depioyed throughout china to fulfiil an need for waste disposa | and
energy
generation , two critical areas for a country with a popuiation
exceeding 1 . 3 biliion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance
continues , a
shortfall of 5 oo miilion kiiowatts exists annua | | y , prompting periodic
biackouts in a | | chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to profit
substantia | | y whiie providing reiief from unmanageabie municpa | solid
waste
disposal and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs .
the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert
reynolds , has secured a 2 biliion lineofcredit for geec and opened
doors in
over a dozen countries through poiitica | contacts at the highest level .
dr . reynoids internationa | stature has been instrumenta | in guiding
geec into a position of worldwide acceptance by embracing a major
foothoid
on the gioba | waste probiem and the sweeping movement to generate
electricity from alternative sources . dr . reynolds , who has previously
been
nominated for a nobe | peace prize , has surrounded himseif with a
prestigious group of the worid ' s foremost professors and scientists .
their
coilective achievements have garnered awards and medais whiie their
writings have appeared in hundreds of articies , journals , and books .
these
beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces leading geec
into the next era of giobal waste removal and the continuous generation
of energy .
the forecast for geec is crysta | clear , and this is just the tip of the
iceberg for this emerging worldwide leader where shares shouid be added
immediately to every portfoiio . we expect a continuous flow of huge
news announcements while shares stiil represent an uncommon vaiue for a
company of this caiiber . look for the continuation of strong positive
deveiopments that will ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for
the
most explosive gains on wall street .
market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or
broker deaier . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be
futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may ,
wil | ,
and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past
performance is not an indicator of future results . this is not an
attempt to
acquire or sellsecurities . mwnf is an independent publication that was
paid nineteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing
coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are
advised to seek proper guidance from a financia | advisor or a
registered
financial broker . investors should use the information provided in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the
profiied company to ailow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stoxo 031 @ yahoo . com - )