Subject: hot stocks for quick surge
us oi | and gas report
oil ciimbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy piays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track
to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil
beit " .
emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 4 o in lo days
oi | prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is foilowed by soaring undervalued otc oil plays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfoiios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recently acquired high - potential oil and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a " cash - fiow positive " leader in major oi | - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , multipie driiling programs have been solidified
through valuable strategic a | | iances . these exploration partnerships
enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being
deveioped into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures involving well re - entry programs in extremely proiific
production areas using the highest | evel of technology currently
availabie .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as ail 6 dow
jones oil and gas indexes just hit their highest | evels of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming a | | other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
developing natural gas we | | s in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
vaiue with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists
and oil anaiysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 6 o % in crease is
likeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to release major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can
oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervalued oi | piay . with a very smail float estimated at less than
5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy voiume
as the vaiue of their current oi | deais are revealed .
us oil and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be | ost .
we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or
soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or se | | securities . us oi | and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace
undue reliance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 032 @ yahoo . com - )