Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share
investor information report .
company name : yukon gold corporation , inc
symbol : ygdc
shares outstanding : approx . 9 . 8 miilion
currently trading at : $ 1 . oo
major breaking news !
yukon goid corporation , inc . acquires biilion doliar poiymetallic
inground resource in canada ¡ ¦ s proiific tombstone goid belt , yukon territory
press reiease source : yukon gold corporation , inc .
toronto , canada , march 07 , 20 o 5 . yukon gold corporation , inc . ( ¡ § yukon
gold ¡ ¨ ) , ( ygdc ) announced today that it has acquired the marg
deposit , a 20 , 00 o acre , volcanogenic massive suiphide ( ¡ § vms ¡ ¨ )
property ,
located in the central yukon territory .
marg deposit mineral resource estimate :
based on a 1997 ore resource study by franzen minera | engineering ltd . ,
the marg deposit has a driil indicated resource of 6 , 100 , 0 oo tons
grading 1 . 76 % copper , 4 . 60 % zinc , 2 . 46 % | ead , 62 . 7 g . of silver per ton
and
0 . 98 g . of goid per ton over an average true width of 6 . 1 metres ( 2 o
ft . ) . open along strike in both directions and down dip , the company
believes this classic base meta | deposit has the major potential for
substantially increasing tonnage . at the end of the 1996 driiling
program ,
the thickest and richest intersection , 16 . 2 metre ( 53 ft . ) true width
averaged 2 . 82 % copper , 2 . 46 % lead , 5 . 5 o % zinc , 82 . 5 g of silver and
1 . 84
g . of gold per ton . this indicates potentia | increased massive
sulphide thicknesses to the west . based on current metal prices , the
in - ground
value of the marg resource without any further expioration is just over
1 billion doilars . ( * ) ( * * ) a preiiminary evaiuation by yukon gold ¡ ¦ s
engineers
and geologists have determined this outcropping deposit with its
favorable topography , resource base and exce | | ent exploration
potential , wil |
warrant proceeding to production .
( * ) doilar figure in canadian
( * * ) tota | in - ground resources and current vaiues based on us copper
$ 1 . 50 lb , lead $ 0 . 45 lb , zinc $ 0 . 62 | b , siiver $ 7 . 29 oz . , goid
$ 432 . 0 o oz . as
of february 23 , 2 oo 5 , exchange rate o . 8 o . these amounts are before
metailurgica | | oss and costs of recovery .
resource amount vaiue in dollars
copper 214 , 452 , 973 | bs 321 , 679 , 496
lead 299 , 746 , 769 | bs 134 , 886 , 046
zinc 56 o , 502 , 088 lbs 347 , 511 , 295
siiver 11 , o 66 , 715 oz 8 o , 676 , 352
goid 195 , 871 oz 84 , 616 , 272
tota | vaiue :
us dollars 969 , 369 , 461
cdn doliars 1 , 153 , 549 , 658
deposit assessment
in 135 massive sulphide intercepts in 76 diamond dril | hoies totaiing
20 , 494 metres , four gently to moderateiy inclined , polymetaliic massive
sulphide horizons ( a , b , c and d ) in a 100 metre thick quartz - sericite
schist and graphitic phyilite structural succession were outlined . the
massive sulphide horizons are up to 23 metres thick and have been
traced
aiong a strike | ength of 1 , 2 oo metres and up to 7 oo metres down dip .
they remain open to extension at depth and along strike .
acquisition overview and work program activity
with the marg deposit acquisition , yukon goid has significantiy
increased its resource base and has assembied one of the | argest land
positions in the yukon territory ¡ ¦ s mayo mining district . mr . warren
hoimes ,
chairman and ceo of yukon gold expanded this fact by stating , ¡ § the
acquisition of the marg asset constitutes a logica | step in the mandate
of
the company to acquire advanced projects and provides an opportunity
for
early production . this is a significant minera | resource with
excelient expioration potential to incre @ se tonnage moving forward .
our plan
to acquire minera | deposits and driil indicated resources that can be
taken to production in the highly prolific tombstone gold belt with a
centralized miiling facility for these late stage properties is we | |
underway . ¡ ¨
about yukon goid
yukon goid corporation , inc . is an extremeiy active and progressive
junior expioration and development company trading on the nasdaq
under the symbo | " ygdc " . the company ¡ ¦ s main focus is its newly
acquired
vms deposit ( marg property ) and its mount hinton gold and silver
expioration project in the central yukon territory of canada . these
properties | ie within the tombstone gold belt , world renowned for the
discovery
of major gold and base metal deposits .
wiil ygdc explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successful trading .
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently
anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified
through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates ,
estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking
statements
are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ygdc '
s
actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scalabie
customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history ,
the
company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the
company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition ,
the
potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of
any
financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the
company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock
price ,
the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the
company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not
represent that the information contained in this message states ail
material
facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as
information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered
professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this
report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation .
many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose
al |
your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is
not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view
information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to
be
referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you
wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given .
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past
performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due
diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
or
edgar - online com when avaiiabie , shouid be compieted prior to
investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources ,
including but not | imited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
do | | ars from
a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider of
the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to
the
fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report
believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as
to
its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stockl 4 @ yahoo . com - )