Subject: mutual benefit
from : dr mustapha bello
eco bank ,
rue de governeur bayol ,
cotonou , benin .
dear sir ,
re : transfer of ( usd 22 million ) .
i am dr mustapha bello , the director in charge of
auditing and accounting department of eco bank
benin , in west africa , and also the account officer
of late mr . hassan balhas ghadar , a lebanese . mr . hassan
balhas ghadar was a seasoned contractor with benin
cement company in benin republic , who unfortunately
died in the plane crash of union transport
africaines ( uta ) flight boeing 727 in cotonou , benin
republic on 25 th , december , 2003 .
you may read more stories about the crash on
visiting these websites :
before his death on the 25 th december 2003 , mr . ghadar
had a fixed deposit account with the bank and no other
person outside the bank knows about this account or
any thing concerning it . the account has no other
beneficiary and my investigation proved that his
supposed next of kin died along with him in the crash .
since then i have made several enquiries to locate any
of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved
unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful
attempts , i decided to contact you . i am contacting
you to assist in transfering the money left behind
by my client to your nominated account before the
bank confiscates the fund .
consequently , since l have been unsuccessful in
locating the relatives for over 5 weeks now . i seek
your consent , to present you as the next of kin of
the deceased so that the proceeds of this account
valued at us $ 22 million can be paid into your
account and thereafter you and l can share the
money .
70 % to me and my colleagues and 30 % to you . i will
arrange for all the necessary legal documents that can
be used to back up the claim . all i require is your
honest co - operation to enable us see this deal
through .
i guarantee that this deal will be executed under a
legitimate arrangement that will protect you and i
from any breach of the law . all documents of this
transaction shall be destroyed immediately we receive
this money leaving no trace to any place .
if this proposal is acceptable to you , kindly email
the following information to me :
a . complete names and address .
b . private telephone number .
c . private fax number .
d . private email .
until you write , have a nice day and god bless .
yours faithfully ,
dr mustapha bello