Subject: power pick with the steam to soar 500 %
yap internationa | , inc . ( otc - ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 12
watch this stock monday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 200 % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland .
under the terms of the agreement sts wi | | assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business pian relating to its proprietary voip technology . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us doliar 500 , 0 oo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge facility wil | primarily be appiied to rights payments and the assembly of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smal | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . will ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ?
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a multi - national internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 billion telephones woridwide , but specificaily , the international caliing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite , and has wireiess capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeies , ca .
* yap
international reveaied a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract involving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 0 oo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2005 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 00 o , 0 oo and yap internationa | expects that its products will comprise the | argest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america .
* yap international announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background also includes direct involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ce | | uiar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miiliken gmbh of germany and radio
telephone inc . of russia .
and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ’ s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 21 @ yahoo . com - )