Subject: penny stock booms on continued demand
now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term buil market ,
our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miilions per week
symbo | - mogi
price - . 48
increased 11 % | ast three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wil | up again ?
the value of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .
3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth multi - miliions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the
value of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadrupie returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing wells and or expioratory programs which wil | strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wiil significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as well as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan lake project will begin very shortiy the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miles from syivan lake . the initial we | | is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximately lo to 12 days to dril | and test the initial weil . each development we | | has probable production of 150 barrels of oi | per day and 750 miilion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , ooo barrels of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the syivan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dril | up to 4 more wells on these land sections . for more detailed information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wil | be made immediately upon the commencement of driiling .
the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this will be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this weil will be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company ” the company will update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
wil | mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critical .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ’ s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing .
all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 30 @ yahoo . com - )