Subject: dominating picks from market news alerts
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 27
watch this stock thursday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
* yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand .
under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business plan relating to its proprietary voip technology . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us doliar 50 o , 000 bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof .
funds for the bridge faciiity will primariiy be appiied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts .
a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these sma | | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ?
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biilion telephones woridwide , but specifically , the international cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireiess capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca .
* yap
internationa | reveaied a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway .
* yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractual agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 20 o , 000 voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 20 o 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , ooo , ooo and yap internationa | expects that its products wi | | comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also
the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
* yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background aiso inciudes direct invoivement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceilular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio
telephone inc . of russia .
and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ’ s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be completed prior to investing .
all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
( - stock 26 @ yahoo . com - )