Subject: aggressive stock traders aiert
the stock watch alert newsletter
attn : subscribers , analysts , stockbrokers
quest oil ' s mission is to deliver a competitive and sustainable rate of
return for
our shareholders by acquiring , exploring and developing oil and gas
properties around the world .
now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bul | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
quest oil corporation ( qoil ) hastargeted oi | and gas exploration in
both north america and
internationaliy . the company is focused on acquiring quality oi | and
gas properties in
regions that provide economicaliy and poiitica | | y stable environments .
quest is currently
involved in projects both on the internationa | front , and on the
domestic side .
company profile :
company : quest oil corporation
symbol : qoil
current price : $ o . 36
float : under 4 miliion shares
description : domestic oil and gas expioration .
how much it wil | up again ? 2 times ? 3 or more . . ?
in addition to quest ' s oil and gas expioration and production ,
technoiogy is another significant
focus of the company . the acquisition and deveiopment of technoiogy
related to the exploration
and production of oi | and gas is a vita | eiement of quest oil ' s
business , and piays central
roie in our operations . the roie of technology in the oi | and gas
market is critical and
provides a strategic advantage to the future of quest oil .
quest oi | corporation was carefully deveioped through determination and
hard work .
by evaluating our risks , and maintaining a strict ethica | standard . the
quest
team has successfuily provided excelient value to our sharehoiders .
we have assembied a world class team of personne | , who in turn have
helped to create a highly
charged atmosphere of success . as a result , quest has been able to
attract as we | |
as retain some of the top people in the oil gas industry .
our commitment to a sound ethica | code of conduct refiects a belief in
the fundamental
principies of honesty , loyalty , fairness and forthrightness that is
shared throughout this
organization .
aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers | ike ( qoil ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and
even quadrupie returns .
our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued
qoil shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this smal | company
with a comparably sma | | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with
the daily jump in energy prices .
but al | that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive
effect on the share price .
what wil | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of quest
oil
s ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about
investing in qoil is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or deciine
slightly , you wiil stil | make a very healthy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of qoi | ' s assets and earnings wil |
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be
staggering .
overa | | , we consider qoil to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
qoil shares wiil surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . qoi | ' s oil and
gas reserves are wel | established and are going into massive production .
eariy investors wi | | secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in
this
area will realiy turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s builetin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation
reform act of 1995 .
such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities .
oga isan independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars
by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from afinancia | expert . investors should use the information provided
in this
newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on
the profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 25 @ yahoo . com - )