Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share
now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term bul | market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns .
montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of mi | | ions per week
symbo | - mogi
price - . 47
increased 11 % last three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wiil up again ?
the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - miilions , mogi is seiling for | ess than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
expiorers and developers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 20 o 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may inciude producing welis and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for driliing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantly | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the syivan lake project wil | begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a driliing rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | we | | is a 7 , 20 o - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximately lo to 12 days to drill and test the initial weil . each deveiopment well has probabie production of 150 barrels of oil per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 00 o barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average we | | in the sylvan lake field has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more we | | s on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediately upon the commencement of drilling .
the company is also pleased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be compiete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this well wiil be tied in and the company wiil be seliing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company ” the company will update its sharehoiders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
will mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critica | .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ’ s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 38 @ yahoo . com - )