Subject: west africa ghana
from : adams benson
plot 15 awo st . achimota accra ,
west africa ghana
tel : + 233 - 20821 - 6948
private e - mail : adamsbenson @ voila . fr
dear friend , permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business
relationship with you . i got your name and contact from the ghanian chamber of
commerce and industry . i prayed over it and selected your name amoung other
names due to it ' s esteeming nature and the recommendations given to me as a
reputable and trusworthy person i can do business with and by their
ecommendations i must not hesistate to confide in you for this simple and
sincere business .
i am adams benson , the only child of late mr & mrs . nana benson , my father was
a very wealthy cocoa merchant based in accra , the economic capital of ghana
before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their
outing to discuss on a business .
when my mother died on the 21 st october 1984 , my father took me so special
because i am motherless . before the death of my father on 29 th june 2001 in a
private hospital here in accra . he secretly called me on his bedside and told
me that he has a sum of us $ 16 , 500 , 000 ( sixteen million five hundred thousand ,
united states dollars ) left in a in local bank here in accra , that he used my
name as his only son for the next of kin in deposit of the fund . he also
explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his
business associates .
that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i
will transfer this money and useit for investment purpose , ( such as real
estate management ) . sir , i am honourably seeking your assistance in the
following ways .
1 ) to provide a bank account where this money would be transferred to .
2 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a boy of 24 years .
3 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money has
been transferred .
moreover , sir , i am willing to offer you 15 % of the total sum as compensation
for your effort / input after the successful transfer of this fund to your
norminated account overseas . furthermoire , you can indicate your option
towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded
within seven ( 7 ) days you signify interest to assist me .
anticaipting to hear from you soon .
thanks and god bless
adams benson
00233 - 20821 - 6948