Subject: natural cure health care newsletter
olive
leaf tea
from the
tree of life !
mother
nature ' s gift
olive leaf tea is delicious and has many natural
health benefits - order loose leaf tea , tea
bags , capsules or supplement powder today and receive a free color olivus
decal ! !
u . s . customers :
http : / / www . olivetea . com
canadian customers :
http : / / www . olivustea . ca /
cold and flu
season is here but
there ' s a way to keep the bugs away , with
olivus olive leaf tea . olive leaf is an
antioxidant stronger than green tea .
olivus is a delicious tea that fights
colds , flus , and other viruses and bacteria .
olivus is made from the leaves of organic
olive trees . olive trees are tough and can
live thousands of years because they produce oleuropein which resists
disease . this antioxidant helps build our
immune system naturally without antibiotic resistance ,
it lowers blood pressure
and boosts energy .
olive leaf tea is a staple in the mediterranean and touted in numerous
medical journals as a natural healer .
get balanced and keep the bugs at bay !
act now and try olivus
for only usd 3 . 49 at olivetea . com usd 4 . 44 at olivustea . ca or try our
superpack for usdl 9 . 95 at olivetea . com or usd 25 . 39 at olivustea . ca and get
loose tea , bags , powder , capsules and a beautiful olive wood coaster from
our orchard . everything you need at u . s . a : olivetea . com canada :
olivustea . ca
olive leaf tea is reported to :
- enhance the immune system
- increase energy
- have an internal cleansing action
- act as an anti - viral , anti - fungal , anti - bacterial
- lower blood pressure , fats , and reduce blood sugar
- olive leaf tea , a natural herbal antibiotic and antioxidant that can help
or prevent many diseases .
- caffeine free
- - antioxidant
- - - naturally good for you
- - - preventative health maintenance
should always have on hand to bite the bugs !
order yours today and be ready .
* free olivus olive wood coaster with bulk and
superpak orders
the finest leaves - the obvious choice !
thank you from all of us at olivus
reference information
testimonials
http : / / www . olivetea . com / references . htm
126 conditions
u . s . customers :
http : / / www . olivetea . com / form . htm
canadian customers :
http : / / www . olivustea . ca /
attention
health advisors , herbal distributors and entrepreneurs in the u ' s and
internationally . help others and earn income by stocking and supplying
genuine olivus olive leaf . please click the dealer e - mail link and
introduce yourself .
the preceding advertisement was sent you by virtue of your participation in
the special product offerings of our e - mail networking services or our
partners . to unsubscribe from receiving further emails from our e - mail
networking services special product offerings please
click here .
