Subject: treat as urgent
from the desk of :
leu cheng
bank of china
shenzhen
china
i am mr . leu cheng , bank manager of bank of china ,
shenzhen branch , china . i have urgent and very
confidential business proposition for you . before
i start i want you to know that all the funds
we will be using for this transaction are already
arranged so do know now that i will not be asking
you to pay any fees all i need from you is your
trust and willingness in this transaction .
on nov 6 , 1999 , a british oil consultant / contractor
with the chinese solid minerals corporation , lawrence
hester made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve
calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty
million dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a
routine notification to his forwarding address but got
no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and
finally we discovered from his contract employers , the
chinese solid minerals corporation that mr . lawrence
hester died from an automobile accident . on further
investigation , i found out that he died without making
a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was
fruitless .
i therefore made further investigation and discovered
that mr . lawrence hester did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents , including his
bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of
us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the
interest is being rolled over with the principal sum
at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward
to claim it . according to laws of republic of china ,
at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will
revert to the ownership of the chinese government if
nobody applies to claim the fund .
consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr .
lawrence hester so that the fruits of this old man ' s
labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt
government officials . this is simple , i will like you
to provide immediately your full names and address so
that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents
and affidavits that will put you in place as the next
of kin . we shall employ the services of an attorney
for drafting and notarization of the will and to
obtain the necessary documents and letter of
probate / administration in your favor for the transfer .
a bank account in any part of the world that you will
provide will then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money
will be paid into your account for us to share in the
ratio of 80 % for me and 20 % for you .
there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the attorney and my
position as the branch manager guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction . if you are
interested , please reply immediately via the private
email address above . upon your response , i shall then
provide you with more details and relevant documents
that will help you understand the transaction . please
send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers
for easy communication .
please observe utmost confidentiality , and rest
assured that this transaction would be most profitable
for both of us because i shall require your assistance
to invest my share in your country .
awaiting your urgent reply via my email address .
thanks and regards .
leu cheng
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com