Subject: your responce is needed .
standard trust bank nigeria plc . plot 1662 , oyin jolayemistreet victoria island , lagos , nigeriaprivate / highly confidential subject matter : invitation to act as next - of - kin i write this august letter in confidence , believing that it will reach you in high spirit and i believe you will maintain the level of confidence and trust matters of this nature requires . though , i know that this proposal may make you apprehensive and worried , but i assure you that all will be well at the end . before proceeding , i wish to introduce myself . i am chief george uzerba , deputy general manager , ( credit controls ) with standard trust bank limited , lagos . i got your contact from a reliable fellow . the proposal : an american citizen , late engr . john burch , a petrochemical engineer with eleme petro - chemical co . rivers state . until his death on the 21 st of august 2000 in a car accident along sagamu express road . all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . he operated a domiciliary account with us and had a closing balance as at the end of september 2000 amounting to $ 10 , 000 , 000 ( ten million united states dollars only ) , the bank now expects a next of kin as beneficiary to no avail . valueable efforts have been made by standard trust bank plc to get intouch with any of late john burch ' s family as beneficiary to his estates without success . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr . john burch ' s next of kin , since he had no wife or children that is known to the bank . consequently , the chairman and the board of directors are planning to declare the fund " unclaimed " and transfer it to special trust fund for purchase of arms and ammunition for ecomog soldiers in sierra leone and liberia zones in the east africa sub - regions . in other to avert this negative development , i now seek your permission to have you stand as next - of - kin to the estate of late engr . john burch ' s , so that the fund $ 10 , 000 , 000 will be released and paid into your account as beneficiary ? s next of kin . i will help to arrange all documents and proves to enable ! us get this fund out . i have secured from the probate registry an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiary and more so , i am assuring you that this transaction is risk free . once the fund ismoved to your nominated account , you will be entitle to 25 % . your share stays while the rest be for me and some people i will settle here . you will be entitled to substantial part from my percentage , in trust for investment . as soon as i receive your acceptance in principle , iwill furnish you with the necessary modalities for commencement . finally , i am relying in my confidence in you , having opened up toyou , if however you are not interested , please feel free to destroy this information as i will continue to scout for willing partner ( s ) . yours faithfully , chief george uzerba . alternate email : chief _ georgeuzerba @ myway . com
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio = wanp & cod = dgo 44