Subject: f . r . ee psychic reading special
master psychic brianna
andrews
call for a free
reading special
( 503 ) - 752 - 4407
would you like to gain insight on topics like romance , relationships ,
career , wealth , and what your future has in store ?
having trouble making one of life ' s difficult decisions ?
wait no longer ! brianna andrews is here !
" she was great , she told me the different avenues my life is going , and it
helped me to choose one , and i think it is going to
change my life . " - morgan englund , soap opera star
who were you in a previous life ? what will happen to
your soul upon death ?
will you reappear in flesh as another , or will you emerge in a different
form ?
will help answer these pivotal questions ! brianna
andrews
no other psychic can compete with brianna
andrews ' services !
" call brianna andrews and put forth the
questions and issues that you have in
your mind .
believe me she will give you some answers . " -
ted lange , actor / performer
call now ! !
503 - 752 - 4407
free reading special
" i have kept notes since 1999 to ensure myself that brianna andrews is indeed accurate . my readings over the past 5 years have been 98 %
accurate . " - pat , little rock , ar .
brianna andrews is a
highly - gifted psychic who interacts with your very own angels and guides to
determine which choices and directions would be in your very best interest .
receive direct answers and time frames to your questions . many clients call
brianna andrews back to thank her for her accuracy and
sensitivity .
" i have been calling brianna andrews for
years . her predictions - my career change , pregnancy
and relocation - have been accurate and unbelievable . " - alice ,
richmond , va
do you have a decision to make ? do you want
direct answers to
assist you in your decision - making process ?
connect with your very own spirit
guides through brianna andrews
and receive your answers today !
" you ' ll be amazed at what brianna andrews knows about
you without even knowing
you personally . " - nina blackwood , mtv v . j .
for a full psychic reading brianna andrews does
accept :
visa , mastercard , or american express
give brianna andrews a call ! you
won ' t be disappointed !
( 503 ) - 752 - 4407
you must be 18 years of age or older to
call . all calls are for entertainment purposes only .
this message is sent to you in
compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec
directive )
regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an
unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law .
footer also includes the sender ' s information .
quantum international
5985 s . university dr . # 138
davie , florida 33328
to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with
" rem " in the subject line .
