Subject: yukos oil
dear friend
i am mr . olsom berghart a personal treasurer to mikhail khodorkovsky the
richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo :
yukos oil ( russian largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a
well reputable financial institution with its branches all over the world )
source of funds :
i have a profiling amount in an excess of us $ 100 . 5 m , which i seek
your partnership in accommodating for me . you will be rewarded with 4 % of the
total sum for your partnership . can you be my partner on this ? introduction
of my self as a personal consultant to him , authority was handed over to me
in transfer of money of an american oil merchant for his last oil deal with
my boss mikhail khodorkovsky . do contact me through this secure email :
olsombeghartl 01 @ netscape . net
already the funds have left the shore of russia to an european private bank
where the final crediting is expected to be carried out . while i was on the
process , my boss got arrested for hisinvolvement in politics by financing
the leading
and opposing political parties ( the union of right forces , led by boris
nemtsov , and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party
led by gregor yavlinsky ) which poses treat to president vladimir putin
second tenure as russian president . do contact me through this secure email :
olsombeghartl 01 @ netscape . net
you can catch more of the story on this website :
your role : all i need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above
quoted sum and i will re - profile the funds with your name , which will
enable the european bank transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this
sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of
mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be
concluded in 2 weeks before mikhail khodorkovsky is out on bail . as soon as
i confirm your readiness to conclude the transaction with me , i will provide
you with the details .
thank you very much
regards
olsom berghart ( mr )
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / yoursite . com