Subject: please reach me immediately
first trust bank .
4 queens square ,
belfast ,
btl 3 dj
london
dear friend ,
i am mr . daniel gallagher , i work with first trust bank of london .
i have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 , 1998 , a belgium construction engineer with silos commercial bins structural steel company , mr . vlad studenikin igor made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( ten million united states dollars ) in my bank .
upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply .
after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the silos commercial bins structural steel company that mr . vlad studenikin igor died from an automobile accident . on
further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless .
i therefore made further investigation and discovered that late mr . vlad studenikin igor did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year .
no one will ever come forward to claim it .
according to british banking law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the british government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as an individual to stand in as the next of kin to late
mr . vlad studenikin igor so that the fruit of this old man ' s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and
address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin .
we shall employ the service of two lawyers for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the
transfer . a bank account in any part of the world which you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into
your account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % for me , 40 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the lawyer and my position in the bank
guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately via email address above or below .
upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction .
please observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country .
please reply to my personal email at : galladan _ ftb @ yahoo . co . uk
thanks and regards ,
daniel gallagher
bill exchange department ,
first trust bank .
4 queens square ,
belfast ,
btl 3 dj .
mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site
- http : / / portal . 404 . gr