Subject: consultation prize winner notice
powerball lotto . bv
powerball lotto - wheel e - game 2005 ,
date : 6 th - april - 2005
ref nr : pbl / cn / 6654 / cp
dear consultation prize winner ,
re : consultation prize winner notice
europe / america private international e - games organizers and
co - sponsors , powerball lotto group international ,
officially bring to your notice of the final draw
result of the 20 th march - 2005 powerball lotto - wheel
e - game which was conducted at our international
corporate office complex in the netherlands .
most recently this foundation set up the new lottery
scheme to give out prizes based on computer ballot
system . by doing this the foundation seek to ncourage
the use of internet for academic and business
pursuits . it major aim is to promote music , theater ,
art , literature , projects in the social and political
arena with a focus on health , as well as science ,
research , and higher education .
we wish to congratulate and inform you on the
selection of your email coupon number which was
selected among the 45 lucky consultation prize
winners . your email id identified with coupon no .
pbl 2348974321 and was selected by our e - games random
selection system ( erss ) with entries from the 50 , 000
different email addresses enrolled for the e - game .
your email id was included among the 50 , 000 different
email addresses submitted by our partner international
email provider companies .
you have won a consultation cash prize of us $
500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand us dollars ) only .
the powerball lotto group . bv , have approved a payout
of your consultation cash prize which will be
remunerated directly to you by the official payment
agency board . our due process unit ( dpu ) will render
to you complete assistance and provide additional
information and processes for the claims of your
consultation prize . for due processing of your winning
claim , please contact the dpu information officer mr .
mark moody who has been assigned to assist you .
contact e - mail : fileofficer @ uk 2 . net
tel : 0031 - 621 - 987 - 260
fax : 0031 - 847 - 300 - 537
once again congratulations from all our staffs on your
consultation prize winning , we hope you will partake
our forth coming powerball lotto - wheel email - games .
regards
mrs gladis morgan
( group coordinator )
nb : in accordance with the powerball lotto - wheel
e - games policy and regulations , this notification is
dispatched directly to only the 45 lucky consultation
prize winners . this notification also contains
information that is proprietary , privileged or
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from
disclosure . if you are not the right recipient whose
email address attached to the lucky numbers along with
the winning informations you are not authorized to
read , print , retain , copy or disseminate this notice
or any part of it .