Subject: small - cap market advisors
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 16
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortly and wil | report on developments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategicaily purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biilions of doilars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . co | | ectiveiy over 26 , 000 welis produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy 10 o weils are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin could have 5 o , ooo to 10 o , 00 o producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossil fuel sites , as weil as clean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 017 @ yahoo . com