Subject: asalam ,
dear ,
i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the palestinian leader who died recently in paris . since his death and even prior to the announcement , i have been thrown into a state of antagonism , confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness by the present leadership of the palestinian liberation organization and the new prime minister . i have even been subjected to physical and psychological torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with everybody in the country at the moment .
you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt palestine government .
in fact the total sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for life .
i have deposited the sum of 21 million dollars with a security financial firm in whose name is withheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping and investment opportunity . this arrangement will be known to you and i alone and all our correspondence should be strictly on email alone because our government has tapped all my lines and are monitoring all my moves .
in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your percentage share of the $ 21 , 000 , 000 that will be kept in your position for a while pending when my daughter , zahwa , will come off age and take full responsibility of her family estate / inheritance .
please , if you are honest , i am going to entrust more funds in your care as this is one of the legacy we keep for our children . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security and international media as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith and send to me your complete personal contact information .
may god bless you and your household .
yours sincerely ,
madam suha . reply to : ssha _ 43 @ yahoo . it
this email is send by " demo software "