Subject: current analysis on hot pick from our watch sheet
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 145
watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
really moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
the past months have seen yap internationa | executing on its plan to
become a | eading suppiier of voip technology including the foilowing
milestones :
on november 17 , 2004 , yap internationa | reveaied a unique and patent
pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international
personal gateway . the yap international personal gateway ( the nomad )
is a patent - pending soiution to a rea | problem that is inherent in
al | current and competing voip gateways . the problem is the end user
is | imited to the physical location of the gateway in order to make
a voip call . the nomad ¡ ¦ s unique and patent pending technology a | | ows
the customer to make voip - enabled calls from any teiephone , not just
one physicaliy connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer
may cal | their personal gateway from any ce | | ular or landiine push
button phone in the world , ( or even through their laptop or pda ) ,
connecting to the internet for voip cail savings and other online
information services , bypassing either partialiy or entirely the
high cost of international long distance charges from incumbent
telecommunication providers .
on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | announced its first major
contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap
international
announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones
gorbea , s . a . as the company ¡ ¦ s distributor for voip products and
services
in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has
a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive
contractual
agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 000
voip
units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2005 . the contract
represents
in excess of $ 52 miliion usd and yap international expects that its
products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the
exciusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america .
on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management
team ,
yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov ,
ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov
earned
his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of
science degrees in general programming / data base management and the
physics of electro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors
respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov is diverse background also inciudes direct
involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems ,
many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such
system
was the first ceiluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk ,
russia
which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh
of
germany and radio telephone inc . of russia .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the
deveiopments
of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commerciaiize and
market our products on a global scale . we expect our miiestones to be
met
and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan
olivier ,
ceo of yap international inc .
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company
deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over
internet
protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exciusive rights to
a
revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dial - up ,
broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireiess capabiiities . the company
plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii & iii tier carriers which
are
interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their
marketpiace , 2 ) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us
or
european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number
ringing
in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a
more
economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means
of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
relatives
in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas
with
administrative offices in vancouver and sales offices in los angeles ,
san francisco and newport beach california .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ
materiaily from those presently anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actual results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those
expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors
that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie
customers .
other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of licensed
technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for
additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating
results .
the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this
message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information
provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
the pubiisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative
of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a
review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when
avaiiable , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
al | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate
shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be
aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the
publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the
materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 73 @ yahoo . com