Subject: power pick on a torrid growth pace
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 145
watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
reaily moving lately .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
the past months have seen yap internationa | executing on its pian to
become a | eading suppiier of voip technology inciuding the fo | | owing
miiestones :
on november 17 , 2004 , yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent
pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa |
personal gateway . the yap international persona | gateway ( the nomad )
is a patent - pending soiution to a rea | probiem that is inherent in
al | current and competing voip gateways . the problem is the end user
is | imited to the physical location of the gateway in order to make
a voip cail . the nomad ¡ ¦ s unique and patent pending technoiogy a | | ows
the customer to make voip - enabled cails from any telephone , not just
one physica | | y connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer
may cail their persona | gateway from any ce | | uiar or landline push
button phone in the world , ( or even through their laptop or pda ) ,
connecting to the internet for voip call savings and other oniine
information services , bypassing either partia | | y or entireiy the
high cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent
telecommunication providers .
on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | announced its first major
contract involving the use of its technoiogy products . yap
international
announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones
gorbea , s . a . as the company ¡ ¦ s distributor for voip products and
services
in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has
a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive
contractual
agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , oo 0
voip
units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract
represents
in excess of $ 52 mi | | ion usd and yap internationa | expects that its
products wiil comprise the | argest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the
exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management
team ,
yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov ,
ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov
earned
his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of
science degrees in general programming / data base management and the
physics of electro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors
respectively . dr . karpenkov is diverse background aiso inciudes direct
involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems ,
many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such
system
was the first ceilular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk ,
russia
which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with mi | | iken gmbh
of
germany and radio teiephone inc . of russia .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the
developments
of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and
market our products on a giobal scale . we expect our milestones to be
met
and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan
olivier ,
ceo of yap international inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company
developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
internet
protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exciusive rights to
a
revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dial - up ,
broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite and wireiess capabiiities . the company
pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii & iii tier carriers which
are
interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their
marketpiace , 2 ) large multinationa | corporations which need to have us
or
european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number
ringing
in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a
more
economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means
of significantiy lowering their communication expense with their
relatives
in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas
with
administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeles ,
san francisco and newport beach caiifornia .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypi |
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ
materialiy from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypi | ' s actua | results ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those
expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors
that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without
limitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie
customers .
other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of | icensed
technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating
resuits .
the publisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this
message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information
provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie
performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative
of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a
review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when
avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing .
all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate
shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be
aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the
pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the
materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 62 @ yahoo . com