Subject: very important message
from : johnson werner .
bills http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / europe / 859479 . stm
although i know that a transaction of this magnitude might make anyone
apprehensive , i would like to assure you that we are sending you this
mail with the best of intensions .
since then we have been trying to get this funds out of the bank , the
sum of us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( eleven million , five hundred united states
dollars ) in an account that belongs to our foreign customers who died along
with his entire family in the above accident stated above .
since his death , none of his next - of - kin or relations has come forward
to lay claims to this money as the heir . we cannot release the fund
from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to
the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . upon this
discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of kin
to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully worked out by us
for the funds ( us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) to be released in your favour as the beneficiary ' s
next of kin .
it may interest you to know that we have secured from the probate
court , an order of madamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries .
please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual
business endeavour by furnishing me with the following ;
1 . your full names and address .
2 . direct telephone and fax numbers .
these requirements will enable us file a letter of claim to the
appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before
the transfer can be made . we shall be compensating you with 1 . 5 million
dollars on final conclusion of this project , while the rest shall be for
us . your share stays with you while the rest shall be for us for investment
purposes in your country .
if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of
the trust we have bestowed in you , i await your urgent response to this
email . you can as well reach me via johnsonwerner @ mail 2 ireland . com
regards ,
dr . johnson werner