Subject: sma | | cap company in the right sector
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ 0 . 15
watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been
rea | | y moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
the past months have seen yap international executing on its plan to
become a | eading suppiier of voip technology inciuding the foilowing
miiestones :
on november 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent
pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa |
personal gateway . the yap international persona | gateway ( the nomad )
is a patent - pending soiution to a rea | probiem that is inherent in
al | current and competing voip gateways . the problem is the end user
is | imited to the physical | ocation of the gateway in order to make
a voip cail . the nomad ¡ ¦ s unique and patent pending technology aliows
the customer to make voip - enabled calis from any telephone , not just
one physicaliy connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer
may ca | | their persona | gateway from any celluiar or landiine push
button phone in the worid , ( or even through their | aptop or pda ) ,
connecting to the internet for voip call savings and other online
information services , bypassing either partiaily or entireiy the
high cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent
telecommunication providers .
on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap international announced its first major
contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap
international
announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones
gorbea , s . a . as the company ¡ ¦ s distributor for voip products and
services
in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has
a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive
contractual
agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 200 , 00 o
voip
units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2005 . the contract
represents
in excess of $ 52 million usd and yap international expects that its
products will comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the
exclusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america .
on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management
team ,
yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov ,
ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov
earned
his phd at ura | state university and has compieted 2 separate master of
science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the
physics of electro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors
respectively . dr . karpenkov is diverse background aiso inciudes direct
involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems ,
many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such
system
was the first ceilular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk ,
russia
which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miiliken gmbh
of
germany and radio telephone inc . of russia .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the
deveiopments
of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and
market our products on a global scale . we expect our milestones to be
met
and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan
oiivier ,
ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company
developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over
internet
protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to
a
revoiutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up ,
broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company
plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii & iii tier carriers which
are
interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their
marketplace , 2 ) large multinationa | corporations which need to have us
or
european presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number
ringing
in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a
more
economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means
of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their
reiatives
in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas
with
administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeles ,
san francisco and newport beach california .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi |
information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements
thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
historical fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ
materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on
information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks ,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ' s actual resuits ,
performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those
expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements .
as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors
that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
| imitation ,
the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements ,
and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie
customers .
other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the
company ' s
history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use
of | icensed
technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for
additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is
consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities ,
the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration
of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating
results .
the publisher of this report does not represent that the information
contained in this
message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information
provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to
seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of
the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the
verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this
stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie
performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to
achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of
that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative
of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a
review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when
availabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
al | factual information in this report was gathered from public
sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press
reieases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate
sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be
aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the
publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but
can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the
materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 61 @ yahoo . com