Subject: special report reveals this pennysto - ck
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate reiease
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment
& commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and little competition .
symbo | : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 75
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structural technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company fo | | owing extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam
metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into
a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle will acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition wi | | be 3 , 500 , 0 oo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
beneficially owns 56 % of al | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement
immediately and to hold a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing
this letter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profile :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capita | and management
assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into publiciy traded companies .
the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals .
the company has great short term specuiative potentia | as
well as the potential for | ong term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please foilow this one trade tuesday !
nothing in this e - mai | shouid be considered personaiized investment
advice . aithough our employees may answer your general customer
service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice .
we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
any security recommended to our readers . a | | of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after
the maiiing of printed - oniy publication prior to fo | | owing an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter should be
made oniy after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company .
to cancel by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy please to : no _ morenewsletters 2 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved