Subject: help
dear friend ,
i sincerely apologise for invading your privacy and crave your indulgence to read
through my request for assistance in this mutually beneficial and risk free
transaction .
i am mr . pao , i am moved to write you this letter , this was in confidence
considering our present circumstance and situation .
i escaped with my wife and children out of sierra - leone to europe where we are
now presently residing on temporary political asylum .
however due to this situation i decided to change most of my millions of dollars
deposited in swiss bank and other countries into other forms of money coded for
safe purpose because the new head of states ahmed tejan kabba made arrangements
with the swiss government and other european countries to freeze all my treasures
deposited in some european countries , hence i and my wife along with my children ,
decided laying low in a temporary political asylum to study the situation till when
things gets better , since president tejan kabba taking over government again in
sierra - leone one of my chateaux in southern france was confiscated by the french
government , and as such we had to change our identity so that our investment will
not be traced and confiscated .
i have deposited the sum of thirty million , five hundred thousand united states
dollars ( us $ 30 , 500 , 000 ) with a security company for safekeeping .
the funds are security coded to prevent them from knowing the actual contents .
what i want you to do now is to indicate your interest that you will assist me and
my immediate family by receiving the money on our behalf .
the account required for this project can either be personal , company or an offshore
account that you have total control over , your area of specialisation will not be a
hinderance to the successful execution of this transaction .
ackowledge this message , so that i can introduce you to my family as our foreign
trusted partner who shall take charge of our investment abroad where we now plan to
settle .
i want you to assist us in investing this money , but i will not want our identity
revealed . i will also want to buy properties and stocks in multi - national companies
and to engage in other safe and non speculative investments .
we have been through a lot of health and spiritual turmoil , hence will need your
understanding and assistance .
may i at this point emphasize the high level of confidentiality which this business
demands and hope you will not betray the trust and confidence which we repose in
you . i shall put you in the picture of this business , i . e tell you where the funds
are currently being maintained and also discuss other modalities including
remuneration for your services .
i shall inform you with the next line of action as soon as i receive your positive
response .
is this proposition attainable ? if it is , please kindly furnish me immediately by e -
mail with your direct telephone and fax numbers to enhance the confidentiality
which this business demands .
best regards
mr . pao