Subject: hidden winners stock alert
rocket stocks newsletter
first we would like to say thank you to al | of our avid readers ! we
have
had huge success over the last few months and have become one of the
most
widely read investment newsletters in the world . we have accompiished
this
by providing timeiy , accurate information on s - tocks with the potentia |
for
great returns .
rocket s - tocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on
s - tocks with the potentia | to go up in value by weil over 5 oo % . that ' s
what
it takes to make it on to our | ist . these are s - tocks for the risk
tolerant
investor ! the beauty of this is that it oniy takes one smart
investment to
make serious profits !
new deveiopments expected for inteliigent sports , inc . s - tock
from $ o . ol to over $ 0 . o 8
symbo | : igts . pk
current price : $ 0 . ol
short term target price : $ o . 08
12 month target price : $ o . 17
intelligentsports . net
we love these small companies . a company like this is like a siigshot ,
pu | | ed back and ready to go . one fortunate turn of events , one big
contract , and the s - tock of a sma | | company such as this can expiode !
read on to find out why igts . pk is our top pick this week .
* * * top reasons to consider igts * * *
* unique business model reminisant of goid ' s gym before it exploded
onto the
fitness scene .
* the numbers are staggering and continue to rise daiiy . 15 % of
chiidren / adolescents are " overweight " nationwide . source : 20 o 2 report
by the
centers for disease control
* according to the president ' s counci | on physical fitness and sports ,
oniy
17 percent of middie and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior
high
schools require daiiy physical activity for all students . igts is
looking
to fiil that gap .
* public educational institutions can no | onger afford to keep up with
the
demand for team sports . " the time when schoo | sports programs had
enro | | ment fees of $ 10 is fading , " said former nba star and inteiligent
sports , inc . board member , reggie theus . " not every parent is wi | | ing
to pay
$ 30 o enroliment fees for a sport their child is oniy casually
interested in ;
some parents can ' t afford to pay that much for a sport their child
excels
at . "
* igts has pians to be in suburbs across america , providing fitness and
sports opportunities to america ' s youth .
* igts ' s proven business is ready for expansion .
* news ! news ! news !
here is recent news on the company :
upland , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 17 , 2 oo 5 - - inte | | igent sports ,
inc . ,
continues its focus on providing physical and mental guidance to all
student - athletes , by unveiiing plans to begin licensing their youth and
fitness center concept , the sports zone , nationally later this year .
recognizing the | ink between athietic participation and persona |
success ,
pubiicly held intelligent sports , inc is introducing a new generation
of
youth to athietics through the development of the organized youth
sports
programs and faciiities .
since their fall 2004 | aunch of the sports zone youth sports and
fitness
center concept in upland , ca , they have seen tremendous growth in their
program options and customer base . the sports zone by inteiligent
sports in
upiand , caiifornia encompasses a 12 , oo 0 square foot area facility
featuring
two basketba | | courts catering to a wide range of after - school sport
programs , weekend | eagues and tournaments for core indoor court sports
inciuding basketbal | , vo | | eybal | , cheerleading , dance , wrestling ,
martia |
arts , dodge bail and more . the sports zone aiso has the abiiity to host
soccer , football and other field - related athletic activity within the
complex arena .
" i ' m excited to see the business concept expanding as the sports zone
offers
youth a springboard to grow both athletica | | y and inte | | ectuaily , "
stated
intelligent sports president , thomas hobson . " be it specialized sports
skiil
training or persona | development , we have something for everyone . the
business concept wiil soon be available through licensing , providing
other
markets a centraiized location for a wide - range of sports ail developed
to
fit the diverse needs of each market . the sports zone concept is based
on
offering a wide variety of programs for youth at every skil | | eve | . "
according to the president ' s counci | on physical fitness and sports ,
only 17
percent of middie and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior high
schoois require daiiy physica | activity for al | students . with a board
comprised of reggie theus , former nba star , tv anaiyst , and current
head
men ' s basketba | | coach at new mexico state university , and kelien
winsiow , a
member of the nfl ha | | of fame , intelligent sports , inc is one company
that
is passionate about fiiling that gap for the youth in our communities .
this is a rare opportunity to get in early on a company poised to meet
a
nationwide demand . we believe this s - tock has huge potential for a
rapid
price increase .
we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ o . o 8
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ o . 17
piease watch this one trade monday ! !
disclaimer :
information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais ,
assumptions or
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
" forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " ,
" will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or
that by
statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur .
as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating
history ,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
s - tockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw
materiais :
reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital .
these
factors and others are more fully spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec
filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket
stock
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary
to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information
provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice . the
rocket stock report advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice
from
a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within
this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of
the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies
are
speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a
company ' s filings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in
compliance
with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report
discioses the receipt of tweive thousand dollars from a third party
( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for
the
circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock
they
wiil sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factua | information
in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not
limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases .
the
rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , piease mai | to newsoff 7 @ yahoo . com