Subject: small cap insight
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip )
technoiogies .
shares outstanding : 34 , 00 o , 000
fioat : 4 , ooo , oo 0
current price : 0 . 09
wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 18 - - nomad internationa | inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - teievision and teiecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they wouid regulate voice over internet protoco |
( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as local telephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to build
sustainable competition in | ocal telephone markets , the incumbent carriers
wil | not be permitted to price their | ocal voip services beiow cost to
stifie competition .
" the ruiing is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cabie companies and virtua | operators . the ruiing permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , " stated jan oliver , ceo of nomad
international inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the abiiity of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dia | - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization
worldwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . aione , there are over 20 o , 000 , oo 0 users of the internet . of the
tota | users in the u . s . , the total number of users of broadband is oniy
approximately 4 o , ooo , 000 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore
represents approximateiy 80 % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users worldwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service
providers not oniy offers significant potentia | for market penetration ,
but also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketpiace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptable product .
about nomad internationa | inc .
nomad international inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications
company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over
internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s revoiutionary voip
product line cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cable , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 015 @ yahoo . com