Subject: grab this quick triple at its low
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 10
apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news will be forthcoming shortiy and wil | report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategicaliy purchase leases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biliions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . collectiveiy over 26 , 00 o wells produced 54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 million barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy loo wells are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin couid have 5 o , ooo to 100 , 000 producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as wel | as clean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , oo 0 welis produced
54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 012 @ yahoo . com