Subject: here ' s a hot piay in motion
" stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 17
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
miilion in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | supply
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annuaily for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of
relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossi | fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 001 @ yahoo . com