Subject: run - away growth in an up and down year
" stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 17
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wiil be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o
million in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of electricity annualiy for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with
eiectricity and offset nearly 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
deveiopment of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fulfil | the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop
traditional fossi | fuel sites , as well as clean air aiternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 000 weils produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doliars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com