Subject: unbiased info for investor intelligence
" stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 17
wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a
full - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wi | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miilion in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wi | | suppiy
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annuaily for poland and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with
eiectricity and offset neariy 170 , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and plans . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo welis produced
54 . 7 miliion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com