Subject: business
from the desk of
mr . tunde lemo
deputy governor financial sector surveillance
central bank of nigeria
due to the delicate nature of this transaction , i
strongly advise that you do not divulge any of the
information below to any party , keep confidential .
re transfer of us $ 5 . 2 million .
dear friend
i am mr . tunde lemo , deputy governor financial sector
surveillance central of nigeria . i am pleased to
contact you based on a contract which has been
executed by a foreign firm for the nigeria national
petroleum co - operation
( nnpc ) .
an accrued interest of us $ 5 . 2 million was realized as a
result of deliberate delay by me on their payment and
the money still reflecting in the nnpc account in
the central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) as unpaid which i
have all the payment information and receipt to .
this contract is worth usd $ 42 . 5 million . according to
records , the contract has been executed and the
money has been paid to the foreign firm .
being the deputy governor of the central bank , i feel
comfortable claiming the money for my own but i can ? t
because i have to be a foreigner who did contract in
nigeria . i am looking for a neutral foreigner like you
whom i will present as the foreign contractor who
executed the contract so that we will claim this
accrued interest of us $ 5 . 2 million that is left and
share it accordingly .
i have already made plans that a company that will
represent you will be formed and back dated to
correspond with he date on which the original contract
was executed .
one good thing about this business transaction is that
all the necessary documents that will be approved for
the smooth payment of this money will pass through my
desk for final approval , this give us a greater
opportunity of getting this money .
i will also like to inform you that this transaction
is 100 % risk free and that you are not at any risk .
the money will be shared as follows at the successful
conclusion of this transaction : 30 % for yourself as the
contractor , 60 % for myself as the initiator , and we
will set aside 10 % for the transfer expenses .
for more information about the office i represent
please visit the nigerian central bank website
please contact me personally through this email
yours in business ,
mr . tunde lemo .
( deputy governor financial sector surveillance central
bank of nigeria )