Subject: from kamal .
dear sir / madam ,
i am kamal waheed , partner to late mr paul qiroga ' s , a national of your contry who unfortunately died in caved mining pit in december 3 , 2003 during the course of propecting for rare earth metals ( rhodium ) . i have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of his extended relatives to be his beneficiary but this has proved unsuccessful .
i am contacting you to assist in claiming his real estates and contract sum which he executed under south african ministry of mines and energy before his sudden death . the ministry of finance and the finance company where the deceased had his contract fund valued at us $ 26 million dollars has issued me a notice through late mr . paul quiroga ' s attorney to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next fourteen official working days .
i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that it will protect you from any breach of the law . this transaction needs absolute trust and honesty as you will promise me that you will not sit on this fund when it finally hits your account . i have decided to part you with 35 % of the total funds and 50 / 50 % share of his real estates .
consequently , as a result of the urgency and time being of the essence in this transaction , you are to forward to me the following information : 1 . your company 2 . full names : 3 . your address : 4 . your direct telephone and fax numbers this will facilitate the immediate commencement of the transaction . as soon as i have your contact details i will forward it to the attorney who will proceed to the high court , probate registry and bank to begin documentation .
i await your urgent response .
best regards ,
kamal waheed
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - deja de trabajar para beneficiar a tu jefe . trabaja para ti y desde casa . http : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 15727880 ; 7829128 ; w ? http : / / www . trabajaportucuenta . com / ? pub = 56