Subject: our last pick wa $ up 200 % , now it $ your turn ( cu )
$ . $ . $ . $ . $ stocks to remember report $ . $ . $ . $ . $
stock symbol : bmcp
rating : solid buy
current price : $ . 50
6 month target price : $ 3 . 50
for more information visit . www . brandedmedia . com
bmcp
* * * huge breaking news flash * * *
michael s . scofield , chairman of evergreen funds , joins branded media
corporation ’ s board of directors .
dear fellow investors :
investors are being extremely cautious when it comes to investing nowadays .
however , truly undervalued companies still exist . potential for gains are
still very much available .
has your portfolio generated consistent returns ?
positioning oneself prior to discovery by wall street is the best way to
ensure gains and profits . if you can ’ t invest at this time , do not throw
away this valuable newsletter . these are truly stocks to remember .
as we write this report the stock is climbing and continues to surge
towards higher highs . this is evident of a stock that is going to break
out into new territory . waiting to buy could cause you to get in late and
fail to realize the tremendous gains in your portfolio . that is why timing
is so important and that is why … … … .
our current recommendation is :
bmcp - bmcp - bmcp - bmcp - bmcp - bmcp
about the company
branded media corporation ( bmcp ) is a multimedia branding company that builds
brands and markets consumer products through a proprietary strategy , branded media .
as developed by the company , branded media is designed to increase sales of consumer
products by exposing brands and their messages through commercial and public television
programming , dvd , video - on - demand , direct response , home shopping television networks ,
print , online and emerging media .
reasons to buy this stock :
1 ) bmcp management includes the former senior vp of martha stewart omnimedia ,
emmy award - winning producers , as well as vhl and nbc production executives .
2 ) bmcp is developing a brand of personal security products geared toward crisis
management and notification during and immediately after a catastrophic event ,
e . g . terrorist attack . this model represents a strong opportunity within the
booming homeland security industry .
3 ) bmcp has attracted the attention of its newest director , michael s . scofield
who oversees $ 110 billion in assets and investments .
4 ) bmcp has acquired one of the largest film , music , and television libraries in
the world which features such greats as johnny cash , bette davis , duke ellington ,
and frank sinatra .
final word
bmcp has garnered a lot of interest lately in its stock . once the word gets out on this
stock it will not be trading at these levels much longer . the time to act is now , do not
miss this opportunity .
wall street equity report is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented
by wall street equity report is not an offer to buy or sell securities . wall street equity
report accumulates then distributes opinions , comments and information from based on other
public sources . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors . wall street equity report may hold positions in
companies mentioned and may buy or sell at any time . this profile of bmcp was a paid
advertisement by a third party to wall street equity report . this third party has compensated
wall street equity report twenty five thousand dollars to write this report . paid advertisements
by an affiliated public relations group or third party , do not necessarily reflect the views
of wall street equity report . target prices may fluctuate , please always consult a registered
financial advisor before making any decisions . this report is for entertainment and advertising
purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
to have your name removed from our database please call our toll free service at : ( 800 ) - 331 - 4510