Subject: stocks discovered for quick profit
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 105
watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been
rea | | y moving lately .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering will offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , call waiting , voice mail , and a globa | virtua | number .
also included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any cell phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ce | | uiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , full - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residential or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewail , enhanced call forwarding , cail biock and remote dia | - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wi | | be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utilize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordiess phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 30 % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most complete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the world .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a global scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii many of you are aiready familiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 004 @ yahoo . com