Subject: aggressive traders benefit from record - shattering achievements
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ . 1 o 5
watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been
realiy moving lately .
and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company wi | | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketplace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabilities , ca | | forwarding , cail waiting , voice mail , and a globa | virtual number .
also inciuded in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any ceil phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( celiular bridging capability ) . a sleek voip enabled , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd display , caller id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewail , enhanced cail forwarding , cal | biock and remote dia | - out ( ceiluiar bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes oniy 5 % - 3 o % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 400 mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currentiy availabie in the world .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a globa | scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateilite and wireiess capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade monday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com