Subject: upward movement connects you to the insider ' s game
yap international , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dia | - up product .
current price : $ 0 . 10
watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been
rea | | y moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wil | offer video conferencing capabilities , call forwarding , call waiting , voice mai | , and a global virtua | number .
aiso included in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cail forwarding to any cel | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ceilular bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabled , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , caller id and web interface ; a residential or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewail , enhanced cail forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wiil be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 30 % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most complete and technologicaily advanced line of voip products currently available in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scale . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade wednesday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 008 @ yahoo . com