Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ 0 . 1 o
watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been
reaily moving lateiy .
and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketplace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideaily suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering will offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , cail waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtual number .
aiso included in the new offering is a residential standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced ca | | forwarding to any ceil phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( celiu | ar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , ful | - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , ca | | er id and web interface ; a residential or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewa | | , enhanced call forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( cellular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most complete and technologically advanced line of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scale . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade wednesday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com