Subject: micro - caps can equal macro gains
may stock alert
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
stock symbol : igts
current price : $ 0 . 03
rating : strong buy
speculative target price in next 5 days : 12 cents
this stock receives our top rating - 10 out of 10
breaking news ( released last night ) : http : / / biz . yahoo . com / bw / 050419 / 195708 . html ? . v = 1
this is going to be exciting stock play
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
jump on board while you can - dont regret later
about the company
youth and amateur sports company poised for growth
intelligent sports , inc . is a publicly held company trading on the otc markets under the ticker symbol " igts " . intelligent sports will be the holding company for several sports related businesses .
intelligent sports provides business units with strategic guidance and support in the areas of marketing , sales , sponsorships , partnerships , policy & procedures , finance and expansion .
their initial business launch is to develop youth and amateur sports centers throughout the country that offers a year - round sports calendar with emphasis on youth and amateur sports programs and skill development .
their plan is to expand this concept into membership - based , multi - purpose sports facilities that will promote a diverse range of sports programs , leagues , tournaments , clinics , individual sports skill development and nutritional training .
youth and amateur sports industry overview
organized youth sports is a growing industry . over 20 million boys and girls participate in organized youth sports in the united states . gone are the days of backyard , pick - up sports .
these days , kids from five to eighteen are being organized into school and parent - sponsored sports programs requiring intense preparation and better competition .
these demands have caused an incredible increase in cost and shortage of training , equipment and facilities for organized youth sports .
additionally , parents today are investing in their children and looking for youth sports organizations that are supportive , motivational and provide a constructive environment for participating and learning .
these concerns and values create a competitive advantage for intelligent sports , inc . our youth and amateur programs will provide an ongoing and long - term relationship with our parents and youth supported with yearsof professional experience and personal integrity . intelligent sports
will provide recreational , developmental and competitive programs for youth sports that will be fun , bring families together and teach children life lessons about teamwork , setting goals and the value of hard work .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
stock symbol : igts
current price : $ 0 . 03
rating : strong buy
speculative target price in next 5 days : 12 cents
this stock receives our top rating - 10 out of 10
breaking news ( released last night ) : http : / / biz . yahoo . com / bw / 050419 / 195708 . html ? . v = 1
this is going to be exciting stock play
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
disclaimer
this publication is not registered investment advisor , the information presented above is not an offer to buy or sell securities it contains
" forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of
1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections ,
objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . "
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , the publishers of this report disclose the holding of igts shares prior to the publication of this report . be
aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares
may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent
conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to
differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall
constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own ,
buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or
similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 41500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any
profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks .