Subject: winning notification
winning notification
from : the lottery coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
dear recipient ,
results for category " a " draws
congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the first
category draws of tripple wins international games . we are happy to inform
you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part
of our promotional draws . the draws were held on the 6 th of may 2005
participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000
names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america ,
asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international
promotions program .
you / your company e - mail id , attached to ref number mli / 231 - ilgl 0431 / 03 , batch
number eapa / 15 / 096 / ptnl , tiicket number 20511465897 , with serial number
472 - 971103 , drew the lucky numbers 8 - 66 - 97 - 22 - 71 - 64 and consequently won
in the first category a .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ us 2 . 5 m ( two million , five
hundred thousand united state dollars ) each , which is the winning payout
for category " a " winners . this is from the total prize money of usd $ 10 , 000 , 000
shared among the 4 winners in this category .
congratulations !
your fund is now deposited with our transfer agents cash change securities
europe , and insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid
mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire
details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of beneficiary
certificate ownership winning notification , stamp duties and re - activation
of account of your prize / money remitted in readiness of the subsequently
onward transfer into your nominated bank account . this is in conformity
with the latest transfer regulation signed by the organization / netherlands
government since this is part of our security protocol measures to avoid
double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants
we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year premium stakes draw
where you stand chance of winning up to usd $ 25 million ; we hope that with
a part of your prize you will participate in it .
to file for your claim , please contact our / your fiducial agent mr . david
bengal of the euro accredited payment agent immediately for due processing
and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice :
tel : 00 31 623 106 984
fax : 0031 847 502 031
email : davidbengall 05 @ excite . com
you are advised to contact our agents by telephone or by email within a
week of receiving this notice . failure to do so may warrant disqualification .
note : that all winning must be claimed not later than 20 th of may 2005 .
after this date all unclaimed , funds will be included in the next stake . anybody
under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified .
finally , we ensure that you note every letters as clearly stated as we would
not be held responsible should there be hitch in this transaction due laxity
on your part . so you are
to expedite action , failure to do this we shall be compelled to lose your
fund in other words , we shall divert your fund to somewhere else .
in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications ; kindly remember to
quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence .
furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as
soon as possible .
congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being
part of our promotional program .
yours truly ,
mrs . sandra kar
lottery coordinator