Subject: urgent assistance
from the manager credit and foriegn bills
regent bank nig plc
victoris island
lagos - nigeria .
attention : sir / madam ,
my name is mr . john obi the manager , credit and foreign bills of regent bank plc . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer of our bank with account number 14 - 255 - 114 whose name is burke sean , an american by citizen who perished in a plane crash [ korean air flight 801 ] with the whole passengers aboard on august 6 , 1997 . and for your perusal you can view thisweb site
since the demise of this our customer , i personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds of us $ 15 . 5 m ( fiftheen million five hundred thoudsand united states dollars ) which has been with our branch for a very long time . on this note , i decided to seek for whom his name shall be used as the next of kin as no one has come up to be the next of kin . and the banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than four years , because the money will be recalled to the bank treasury as unclaimed fund after this period .
in view of this i got your contact through a trade journal when i
wasmaking a research on a foreigner i will use in this great
upportunity . for your assistant i will give you 30 % of the total
amount . upon the receipt of your response , i will send you by fax or e - mail the letter of application which you will type sign andsend back to ourbank to enable us start this transaction . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is hitch free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for the smooth andeasy transfer of this fund has been finalized , this transaction will be complited within five banking days of recieving your response , after you apply to the bank as a relation to the deceased . when you receive this letter . kindly send me an e - mail signifying your decision including your private tel / fax numbers for quick communication .
yours sincerely ,
mr . john obi
managercredit and foriegn bills
regent bank nig plc
- -
clicavenue mail : cr?ez votre propre email gratuitement ! avec protection ( virus et spams ) , mot de
passe et acc?s depuis n ' importe quel ordinateur ! enfin un email original . . .
http : / / www . clicavenue . com / email