Subject: claims
dear sir ,
do accept my sincere apologies if my mail does not meet your personal
ethics . i will introduce myself as a staff in the accounts management section
of a well - known bank here in republic of benin .
one of our accounts with holding balance of 20 , 500 , 000 ( twenty million
five hundred thousand united states dollars ) has been dormant and has
not been operated for the past 9 months .
from my investigations and confirmations , the owner of this account a
foreigner by name mr ali yacoubou died who unfortunately died in the plane crash
of union transport africaines flight boeing 727 in cotonou , benin
republic , in december 25 , 2003 . you will read more about the crash by visiting
these websites :
www . cnn . com / 2003 / world / africa / 12 / 26 / benin . crash / or
and since then nobody has done anything as regards the claiming of this
money because he has no family members who are aware of the existence
of neither the account nor the funds . also information from the national
immigration states that he was also single on entry into republic du benin .
i have secretly discussed this matter with some of the bank officials
and we have agreed to find a reliable foreign partner to deal with . we thus
propose to do business with you , standing in as the next of kin of
these funds from the deceased and funds released to you after due processes
have been followed .
this transaction is totally free of risk and troubles as the fund is a
legitimate and does not originate from drug , money laundry , terrorism or any
other illegal act . on your interest , let me hear from you .
regards ,
dr . migan .
disclaimer :
this message contains confidential information and is intended only for
specified addressee . if you are not the named addressee you should not
disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . the sender therefore does not accept
liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message , which
arise as a result of e - mail transmission . please note that we reserve the right
to monitor and read any emails sent and received under the
telecommunications ( lawful business practice ) ( interception of communications )
regulations
2000