Subject: can you be an honest partner ?
from : mr . audrey hammond
bills and exchange manager
sbm nedbank international limited
6 th floor , state bank tower
queen elizabeth ii avenue
port louis , mauritius
email : audhammond @ netscape . net
private and urgent :
first i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue
of it ' s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know
that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and
worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the
day . there is no doubt that trust conceptually is a conundrum which leads
itself to deferring interpretation , we have decided to contact you due to
the urgency of this transaction .
i am the manager , bills and exchange at the foreign remittance department
of the sbm nedbank international bank mauritius .
i came to know you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person
to handle this confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of a
huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence .
this is from a deceased customer ' s account who on the 25 th of july 2000 , he
the deceased , his wife and children died in the air france concord plane
crash bound for new
york in thier plan for a world cruise .
although i know that a transaction of this magnitude migth make anyone
apprehensive ,
i would like to assure you that we are sending you this mail with the best
of intentions .
proposition ;
we discovered the abandoned sum of us $ 47 , 320 , 000 . 00 ( fourty seven million
three hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) in an account that
belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire
family , his wife and two children in 25 th of july 2000
in a plane crash . since his death , none of his next - of - kin or relations has
come forward to lay
claims for this money as theirs . we cannot release the fund from his
account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased
as indicated in our banking guidelines ,
unfortunately , no family member nor relative has ever appeared to claim the
said fund .
upon this discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as next
of kin to the
deceased so that the funds ( us $ 47 , 320 , 000 . 00 ) can be released and paid
into your account as the beneficiary ' s next of kin otherwise the fund will
be returned to treasury as unclaimed funds which will subsequently be
donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further
enhance the course of war in the world .
all documents to enable you receive this funds will be carefully worked out
by us as we already have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to
locate any of deceased beneficiaries , and more so we are assuring you that
this business is safe
please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual
business endeavor by furnishing me with the following ;
1 . beneficiary name and address
2 . direct telephone and fax numbers
these requirements will enable us file letters of claim to the appropriate
departments for necessary approvals in your
favor before the transfer can be made . we have agreed that our ratio of
sharing will be as stated thus ; on final conclusion of this project , 65 % of
this surplus shall be for us , while 30 %
shall be for you and the remaining 5 % shall be used to compensate either
party for any expenses incurred . your share stays while the rest shall be
for us for investment purposes .
whilst this abnormalities may well raise your doubts in view of the fact
that you are a person not physically known to us , i advice that a healthy
degree of caution be exercised before conclusions are reached by your good
self if this proposal is acceptable by you do not take undue advantage of
the trust we have bestowed in you , i await for your urgent mail please
reply to email : audhammond @ netscape . net
best regards ,
mr . audrey hammond
* * * * * imortant and confidential notice * * * * : this e - mail transmission may
contain confidential or
legally privileged information that is intended only for the individual or
entity named in the e - mail address . if you are not the intended recipient ,
you are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , distribution , or
reliance upon the contents of this e - mail is strictly prohibited . if you
have received this e - mail transmission in error , please reply to the sender ,
so that we can arrange for proper delivery , and then please delete
the message from your inbox .
thank you .