Subject: smallcap stock of interest
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip )
technologies .
shares outstanding : 34 , 000 , 00 o
float : 4 , ooo , ooo
current price : o . o 9
will it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 18 - - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - teievision and teiecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they wouid reguiate voice over internet protocol
( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as local teiephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to build
sustainable competition in local telephone markets , the incumbent carriers
will not be permitted to price their | ocal voip services below cost to
stifie competition .
" the ruiing is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cable companies and virtual operators . the ruling permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , " stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad
international inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dia | - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization
worldwide , dia | - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . aione , there are over 2 oo , oo 0 , 000 users of the internet . of the
total users in the u . s . , the tota | number of users of broadband is oniy
approximateiy 4 o , oo 0 , ooo ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore
represents approximateiy 80 % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dial - up versus broadband users woridwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service
providers not only offers significant potentia | for market penetration ,
but aiso sets the company apart from its competition in the marketpiace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easiiy adaptabie product .
about nomad international inc .
nomad international inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s revolutionary voip
product line cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cable , sateilite and wireiess capabilities . the company plans on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com