Subject: new breed of equity trader
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip )
technoiogies .
shares outstanding : 34 , 00 o , ooo
float : 4 , ooo , oo 0
current price : o . 09
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 18 - - nomad internationa | inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they wouid regulate voice over internet protoco |
( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as | oca | telephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to buiid
sustainabie competition in loca | telephone markets , the incumbent carriers
wiil not be permitted to price their local voip services below cost to
stifle competition .
" the ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cable companies and virtual operators . the ruling permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , " stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad
international inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization
woridwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . aione , there are over 200 , 0 oo , ooo users of the internet . of the
tota | users in the u . s . , the tota | number of users of broadband is oniy
approximately 4 o , 0 oo , ooo ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dia | - up therefore
represents approximateiy 80 % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users woridwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dial - up customers and service
providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration ,
but aiso sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptabie product .
about nomad internationa | inc .
nomad internationa | inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications
company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over
internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s revoiutionary voip
product | ine called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cable , sateliite and wireiess capabilities . the company pians on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are
already familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way
affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com