Subject: deal from diamond bank plc .
deal from diamond bank plc . , accounts dept .
plot 23 / 27 ademola crescent
victoria island , lagos . nig .
( email : patobio 9 @ tsamail . co . za )
dear friend ,
i know you will be surprise to receive this letter since we have not meet before , but due to the imprtant and urgency of this matter i decided to write you . i got your contact through network online in my searching for a reliable and reputable person to handle this transaction , which involves huge sum of funds .
i am dr . pat obi , an accountant with diamond bank nigeria plc . the business i am about to introduce is basedon sheer trust and with a sense of purpose . i am contacting you to assist in repatriating the sum of $ 20 m u . s dollars . the money and property left behind by engr . morie lynn who had an accident on the 21 st of april 2000 , engr . morie lynn , his wife and their two children were involved in a car accident in a remote village called kuru near jos in plateau state . all occupants of the car unfortunately lost their lives .
since then i have made several enquiries to his embassyhere in lagos - nigeria to locate any of morie ' s extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful to locate any member of his family hence i contacted you as his account officer to work with you before they get confiscated , frozen or declared unserviceable by the bank where these huge deposits were lodged . particularly , the diamond trust bank of nigeria plc where the deceased had an account valued at about twenty million united states dollars ( us $ 20 , 000 , 000 : 00 ) .
now the management has issued a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account frozen . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin to the deceased since you are a foriegner so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 20 , 000 , 000 : 00 can be paid to you and then you and i can share the money . 60 % to me and 35 % to you , while 5 % will be maped out for any miscellaneous expenses that might be incure in the cause of this transaction .
i have made an arrangement with an attorney who will work for us and secure all the necessary legal documents to back up this claim , and this i must do to make sure that this fund is not wasted or end up in the wrong hands . all i require is your financial support , and your honest co - operation to enable us see this deal through and secure all the legal documents . i guarantee you that this transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you and i from any breach of the law .
if you are interested kingly get back to me as soon as you receive this message for further arrangement .
best regards ,
dr . pat obi .