Subject: information is key to sto - ck success
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate reiease
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a leading structural technology company focused on the development
& commerciaiization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and littie competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 75
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structural technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam
metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into
a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacie wil | acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 5 oo , ooo common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who
beneficia | | y owns 56 % of ail the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement
immediately and to hold a special shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this | etter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profiie :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilied entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goals as part of a | arger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiiciy traded companies .
the company works ciosely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais .
the company has great short term specuiative potentia | as
we | | as the potential for | ong term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please foilow this one trade tuesday !
nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment
advice . although our empioyees may answer your general customer
service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to
address your particuiar investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
any security recommended to our readers . ail of our employees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after
the mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be
made only after consulting with your investment advisor and oniy after
reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company .
to cance | by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy piease to : no _ morenewslettersl @ yahoo . com
( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter all rights reserved