Subject: attn : utmost assistance
from the desk of :
mr . chu sengchen ,
bank of china shenzhen branch ,
republic of china .
dear friend ,
how are you today and business in your country ? i am mr . chu sengchen ,
bank manager of bank of china , shenzhen branch , china . i would
respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail
confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by
as a result of this mail . i contacted you independently of our
investigation and no one is informed of this communication . i would
like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of
interest to you . i know you would be wondering why i am writing you
with a request such as this but i only urge you to read on . in
november 1998 , a british oil consultant / contractor with the chinese
solid minerals corporation , mr . robert rice made a numbered time
( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00
( thirty million dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address in america and britain but got
no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered
from his contract employers , the chinese solid minerals corporation
that mr . robert rice died alongside his wife , from an airplane crash .
the bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving
next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to
claim his estate . if you are familiar with private banking affairs ,
those who patronize our services usually prefer anonymity , but also
some levels of detachment from conventional processes . in his bio - data
form , he listed no next of kin . in the field of private banking ,
opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence ,
accounts are rarely held under a name ; depositors use numbers and
codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also gives the choice
to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank
itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i
said , rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients
apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave
wills in our care , in this case ; mr . robert rice died interstate . in
line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed
away , we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine
who should have right to claim the estate . this investigation has for
the past months been unfruitful . we have scanned every continent and
used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root
of the problem . this sum of us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 has since been sitting in
my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum
at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it .
according to the laws of republic of china , at the expiration of 5
( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the chinese
government if nobody applies to claim the funds . what i wish to relate
to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand
something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the
internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of
banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy
certain offices and oversee certain portfolios . you should have begun
by now to put together the general direction of what i propose . there
is us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 deposited in my bank , i alone have the deposit
details and they will release the deposit to no one unless evidence of
relationship with the deceased , which i shall provide you with , is
presented . i alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as
bank of china is concerned , the bank ' s management has no single idea
of what ' s the history or nature of the deposit . they are simply
awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes
forward . this is the situation . this bank has spent great amounts of
money trying to track this man ' s family ; they have investigated for
months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end .
consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to
stand in as the next of kin to mr . robert rice so that the fruits of
this old man ' s labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt
government officials . acting in this capacity really is simple , all
you have to do is provide your full names and address so that an
attorney here can prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that
will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the services
of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain
the necessary authentication , approval and a letter of
probate / administration in your favour for the transfer to be done . a
bank account in any part of the world that you then provide me with
will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the
beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for
us to share 80 / 20 .
i am aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if you
find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail . i
ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive . if my offer is of
no appeal to you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you .
do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal .
you may not know this but people like myself who have made tidy sums
out of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector . i
am not a criminal and what i do , i do not find against good
conscience , this may be hard for you to understand , but the dynamics
of my industry dictates that i make this move . such opportunities only
come ones ' way once in a lifetime . i cannot let this chance pass me
by , for once i find myself in total control of my destiny . this is my
chance and i wont let it pass me by . i ask that you do not destroy my
chance , if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on
with my life but do not destroy me . i am a family man and this is an
opportunity to provide my family with new opportunities . there is a
reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking . i
have evaluated the risks and the only risk i have here is from you
refusing to work with me and alerting my bank . there is no risk
whatsoever as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by
the attorney and my position as the branch manager guarantee the
successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested in
this lucrative role , i urge you to indicate to that effect . upon your
response , if favourable , i shall then provide you with more details
and relevant information that will help you get full understanding of
the transaction . i will appreciate it if you send me your confidential
telephone and fax numbers for easier communication . if you find
yourself able to work with me , contact me through my confidential
email address bankerchu _ sengchen @ yahoo . com . cn
. if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process
towards a conclusion . i wish to inform you that should you contact me
via official channels ; i will deny knowing you and about this project .
i repeat , i do not want you contacting me through my official phone
lines nor do i want you contacting me through my official email
account . contact me only through the numbers i will provide for you
and also through my confidential email address
bankerchu _ sengchen @ yahoo . com . cn
. my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically
monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our total
quality management policy . please observe this instruction
religiously . please , again , note i am a family man , i have a wife and
children . i send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to
what the consequences may be , but i know within me that nothing
ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy
or on a platter of gold . this is the one truth i have learned from my
private banking clients . do not betray my confidence . if we can be of
one accord , we should plan a meeting , soon . in closing , please observe
utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this transaction
would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your
assistance to invest my share in your country . upon receiving your
reply , i will then furnish you with a more comprehensive detail of
this transaction and what is required of you .
awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email addresss
bankerchu _ sengchen @ yahoo . com . cn
yours sincerely ,
mr . chu sengchen
ce message a été composé avec le module webmail des services phpnuke
- http : / / www . phpnukefrance . org