Subject: please read : newsletter regarding pennysto - ck
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development
& commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and littie competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 68
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structural technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 20 o 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company foliowing extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into
a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacie wil | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 5 oo , 0 oo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
beneficia | | y owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement
immediateiy and to hoid a special sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this | etter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profiie :
pinnacle group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilied entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capita | and management
assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publicly traded companies .
the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals .
the company has great short term speculative potentia | as
wel | as the potential for | ong term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
piease fo | | ow this one trade monday !
nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personalized investment
advice . although our empioyees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you should be deemed as personaiized investment advice .
we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
any security recommended to our readers . all of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine publication or 72 hours after
the maiiing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initial
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be
made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company .
to cancel by mai | or for any other subscription issues , reply please to : no _ morenewsletters 6 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved