Subject: pls
attention :
i am mrs munass ambala . i came across your contact details
in my despirate search for immediate assistance . i have just arrived at
nigeria , thinking of how to settle / start life again because i am just
having rest of mind now , since then . after fleeing renewed fighting in
sierra - leone . of the 2 , 030 of us who ran from the village , just 78 of us
made it across the boarder . i lost my husband and daughter during this flight
and i am left with a son . thereis a pain in my heart because i haven ' t see or
heard peace in the last 10 years . just bloodshed and sorrow . i wonder if it
will ever end .
i seek your help in retrieving money belonging to my husband . my late
husband , dr . ejiro ambala , was a devoted family man and a very successful
diamond / gold trader in the region of bo in sierra - leone . we were a happy
family of four ( 4 ) before the beginning of the civil war in 1991 . we were
forced to seek refuge in theneigbouring country of benin rep . while the war
was going on , so we hid our life savings in the family tomb and fled . we
returned when we heard news of a peace treaty signed in 1999 .
we were decieved . the war escalated beyond imagination and it was
nothing but sorrow , tears and blood the rabels left in its wake . i and my
husband sold our remaining cache of diamonds / golds to a lebanese middle man
and was paid cash for it . the funds were then shipped out of the country to
europe using the " diamond / gold trade route " , which he was very familiar
with ( it was how sierra - leone diamonds and golds ends up in capital cities of
developed nations ) . we then make plans to move and settle in europe as we
were tired of the bloodshed , but unfortunately it was not to be . our village
was raided . it was during the operation no living thing embarked upon by the
fonday sankoh - led ruf rabel forces that i lost my husband and daughter .
now , i and my surviving son have been
going through hell while the funds are trapped with a security company in
europe . we lost our travelling documents in our haste to escape the fighting
and beside we do not have any money on us . all we had was lost in the flight
out of the worst fighting areas . what we need now is an individual who have
compassion on the poor window of my type and come to her aid by retrieving
this funds from the security company by means of claiming / clearing the
consignment ,
this consignment contain the money for security reasons .
the funds total at least us $ 38 . 5 million dollars and gb # 7 . 82 million
pounds . this money is kept with the security company inform of consignment
for security reasons . nobody except me knows about this , i am willing to offer
you a commission for your assistance depending on what is agreed upon by
both of us . i will like to tell you that 10 % ofeach said mount goes for
expenses .
all you have to do is , send me your immediate response . all necessary
informations and deposite certificate of the security company will be send
to you when due , and both ( secret and answers to preset questions ) and
location of security company with this , you can claim the money , they ' ve been
directed to . if you will be able to assist , kindly let me know immediately by
replying me through my e - mail so we can begin procedures at once as my only
son is critically ill . you are free to ask questions where you don ' t u
nderstand . i eagerly await your favourable response .
best regard ,
mrs munass ambala .
email info _ gtfbank @ yahoo . ca