Subject: reply me after reading my mail from mrs margaret milakovich
barr : margaret milakovich
martin chambers ,
plot 137 ajadua str . victoria island .
lagos , nigeria .
dear ,
i am barrister martin johnson , a solicitor at law . i am the personal
attorney to engr . kenneth edwards , a national of usa , who used to work
with shell - development company in nigeria . here in after shall be referred
to as my client . on the 21 st of april 2002 , my client , his wife were
involved in a car accident along sagamu express road . all occupants of the
vehicle unfortunately lost their lives .
since then i have made several enquiries to usa embassy to locate any of my
clients extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful . after these
several unsuccessful attempts , to locate any member of his family hence i
contacted you .
i am contacting you to assist in repatriating the money and property left
behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by
the bank where this huge deposit were lodged .
particularly , the finance company where the deceased had an account valued
at about us $ 10 . 5 million dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next
of kin or have the account confiscated within the next ten official working
days .
since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 3 years now
i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since
you are thesame foreigner with my client that is why i contacted , so that
the proceeds of this account valued at us $ 10 . 5 million dollars can be paid
to you and then you and me can share the money . i have all necessary legal
documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make .
all i require is your honest cooperation to enableusseethis deal through . i
guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that
will protect you from any breach of the law .
and send to me your telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further
about this transaction .
yours sincerly
best regards ,
barrister margaret milakovich