Subject: add wmdh for good profits !
hot pick ready to explode all week !
investor edge hot pick report !
don ' t be fooled by other newsletters our picks
produce big profits ! wmdh is up over 130 % for
thursday and friday alone and tuesday it can easily
go up over 300 % and more great news is expected
don ' t miss out on this one it can produce big gains
$ 500 can return $ 5 , 000 and $ 1 , 000 can return
$ 10 , 000 or more this company is on the move get
it immediately .
company ; wmd holdings group , inc
ticker ; wmdh . pk
current price ; . o 3
wmd holdings group , inc . completes the southern
california deployment of navitouch interactive
broadcast network units in the corporate circle
k convenience stores .
riverside , calif . , wmd holdings group inc . ( worldwide
media development holdings group , inc . ) announced today
that they have set a company milestone and completed
the southern california deployment of the navitouch ( tm )
interactive broadcast network units in circle k
company - operated convenience stores .
navitouch ( tm ) , a division of wmd , uses interactive digital
display ( idd ) technology to create powerful digital images
displayed on touchscreen monitors that enable consumer
interaction , utilizing verizon wireless ' evdo broadband
services . advertising and services on the navitouch ( tm )
system provides advertisers and content providers
opportunities for direct , immediate interaction with the
public and quantified feedback reporting via the
navitouch ( tm ) network . consumer feedback informs
advertisers immediately of the success of their
advertising campaigns . navitouch ( tm ) technology
also facilitates e - commerce on the idd units .
pat roberson , president of the navitouch ( tm ) interactive
broadcast network ( tm ) stated , ` ` this navitouch ( tm )
network southern california deployment with circle k
stores , inc . provides shoppers at over 100 circle k
stores the convenience of a wide menu of wonderful
products and services - - right at their fingertips .
the proprietary navitraffic real - time traffic maps ,
that are updated every three minutes , are a very
popular feature for the travel weary in southern
california .
wmdh is on the move it is up over 130 % thursday and
friday alone and a huge promotion will be taking place
everyday for the next 2 weeks our insiders tell us and
it can easily go over . 3 o to . 5 o with more great news
they are about to release . don ' t miss out get in
immediately for great gains tuesday and all week coming
up . don ' t miss this winner !