Subject: request for your unreserved asistance
request for your unreserved asistance
from : branch manager
( union bank of nigeria plc )
marina lagos
dear sir ,
request for your unreserved asistance
firstly , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue
of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know
that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried ,
but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have
decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have
been reliably informed of it ' s
swiftness and confidentiality .
let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am yakasia mohammed
a manager at the union bank nigeria plc , lagos . i came to know of you in
my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential
transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign
account requiring maximum confidence . a foreigner , an oil merchant / contractor
with the federal government of nigeria , until his death three years ago in
a ghastly air crash , banked with us here at the union bank plc , lagos , and
had a closing balance of usd $ 7 . 2 m ( seven million , two hundred thousand united
states dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by
any of his available foreign next of kin or alternatively be donated to a
discredited trust fund for arms and ammunition at a military war collage
here in nigeria .
fervent valuable efforts are being made by the union bank to get in touch
with any of his next of kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the
management under the influence of our chairman , board of directors , retired
major general ( egbuna o egbu ) , that an arrangement for the fund to be declared
" uncliamable " and then be subsequently donated to the trust fund for arms
and ammunition , which will further enhance the course of misunderstanding
among us here .
in order to avert this negative development , myself and some of my trusted
colleagues in the bank now seek for your permission to have you stand as
the next of kin so that the fund , usd $ 7 . 2 m , would be subsequently transferred
and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next of kin .
all documents and proves to enable you get this fund have been carefully
worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free
involvement . your share would be 30 % of the total amount , while the rest
would be for myself and my colleagues for purposes in your country .
if this proposal is ok by you and you do not wish to take advantage of the
trust we hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately
via my private e - mail address ( yakasiahaji 2 @ hotmail . com ) furnishing me with
your most confidential telephone , fax and e - mail , so that i can forward to
you the relevant details of this transaction .
thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation
regards .
yakasia mohammed
book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .
cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /
bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /