Subject: business plan .
hello ,
greetings !
i hereby request your investment assistance confidentially and further explicit
investment information about your country confidentially . i need you to read this email message carefully because it is very imperative .
i am prince hakim f . bolkiah , the eldest son of prince jefri bolkiah who was the
former finance minister of brunei , located in the northwest of the island of borneo . brunei darussalam is a small country governed according to islamic values and traditions by his majesty sultan haji hassanal bolkiah mu izzaddin waddaulah .
the country ' s official name is negara brunei darussalam ( abode of peace ) . it is a member of apec , asean and bimp - eaga as well as the united nations and the british commonwealth .
i will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his stepbrother , the sultan of brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah .
as you may know from the international media , the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $ 16 . 8 billion . this was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father ' s company amedeo development company and government owned brunei investment agency to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office .
prince jefri was relieved of his post as finance minister of brunei and was stripped of his chairmanship post as head of the nations international investment arm , the brunei investment agency in february 1998 . the agency controls 13 companies & brunei ' s overseas assets . in july 1998 the sultan barred trading by amedeo when the worlds biggest corporate debt of us $ 16 billion came to light .
in september the 1998 , the sultan ordered an investigation of the bia by accountants kpmg after the brunei government alleged that large sums of money had been misappropriated to companies controlled by prince jefri .
the sultan then asked the bank of england to help track down an alleged l 28 billion of state and family funds said to be missing . on the 02 / 10 / 1998 prince jefri bolkiah flew from london in a private jet and was going to settle matters directly with sultan hassanal bolkiah .
prince jefri drove straight to his seaside palace at jerudong , about 10 miles south of the capital , bandar seri begawan . he was due to meet with officials of the amedeo development corporation and visit the sultan .
relations between the royals appeared to deteriorate quickly . however , my father was kept under house arrest , his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery & the sultan also strip myfather of controle over three large
oil wells which were later confiscated by the sultanate .
furthermore , during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives , but before i could do that i was placed under house arrest by , the sultan . i have a palm v hand - held computer from which i am sending you this mail .
you could get through these below listed websites for more references : -
before my arrest , i went ahead to dispatch the sum of us $ 500 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of different private security and trustee companies for safe keeping abroad . the money where splitted and kept in the following countries in this proportion : us $ 50 million is in england , us $ 100 million is in spain , us $ 100 million is in saudi arabia , us $ 80 million is in united arab emirate and the balance us $ 170 million is in malaysia .
i am unable to reach my friends & associates whom would have provided all the much needed moral and financial assistance i require because my diary have being siezed by my uncle sheik muda hassanal bolkiah who is also the sultan of brunei . hence , i seek your good assistance to receive and invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad . i will compensate adequately for your strong cooperation .
i am counting on your absolute confidentiality and transparency while looking
forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this
business transaction . please you can include your direct mobile phone number why
replying . for security reasons , please respond only to my alternative email addresses : sultanate @ . org .
may allahs blessing remain with you & guide on the straight path , amin .
warm personal regards ,
prince hakim f . bolkiah ,
brunei darussalam .
the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which
it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any
review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action
in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the
intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact
the sender and delete the material from any computer . the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer . the information transmitted
is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged .