Subject: fw : i think the bottomline is -
" what really works in favour is your age . " he was convinced i was too young to take this seriously . " you ' re only 26 . you ' re too young . " he kept repeating my age as though he was convinced that the lumps ( now at a total of 3 ) were a figment of his imagination and failing that , i was overreacting . by coming to the follow up i was told to ? now i ' m suspicious . as doctors , drugs and treatments have all taught me in the past , cover your own ass . do your own research . get a second opinion , then a third and keep asking just in case . there is a difference between hypochondria and removing doctors from a pedestal they had no place being on . 2 can i let you in on a secret ? well , i knew it would happen and it has . the cat b got from her mom has latched on to me , and it is driving me crazy . prissy will not leave our room for anything , yes she has only been there a week and it will take some time i know . but it is driving me a little nuts . if i go the the bathroom she goes to the bathroom , heck if i enter the room she is following me around when i get in bed she has to get in beside me and bugs me till i love on her . now we have another cat tuff , he is my cat and has been since he was born in our house , this has really upset him , they sat on the bed last night staring each other down and growling . heck i hid under the covers afraid the claws might come out and i would be the scratching ground . now prissy has decided the only way to get from my dresser where she stay to the food which just happens to be on the other side of the bed is to come across the pillows , it doesn ' t matter if you are sleeping or not , i nearly killed her this morning when she jumped on my pillow and i was in a fight in my dream lets just say i need to vacuum the cat hair . 6
the tree did some great damage , it tore up the roof very well , i will most likely have to have that portion ofthe roof taken off to replace joist and rafters that have been broken of splintered . the brck wall need repair after it was knocked in , whoich also cause damage to the sheet rock inside the house in 2 rooms . 3 enjoy a better sex life for both you and your partner .
bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with them ! scott
let me introduce you to something that is fun , exciting and most of deodorant soccer is decreeing
all enjoyable . . . the vibrating ring ! ! it ' s the latest craze to sweep the world and people
just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll wantpreemption and anomaly
10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasivedarwinian
or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! beefy or became .
so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , people look back and their eyes cry out that they have no friends or family . i see people with no jobs , no careers , no futures and a sense of hopelessness crushing the fragile space where they once stored dreams . what is reality like for them ? can a middle - class white woman with very few problems and past traumas even understand ? how long would it take for the world to distort if i were cold and alone . totally . bus stations , parks , malls , condemned buildings , fields , woods - places to sit , wait and move on . nowhere to go or be . no one to talk to . who would notice or care ? unless i got in the way by needing or wanting something , i could become invisible . and it ' s so hard to come back to the world . to get back in the flow of human traffic . 3
ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , waddle
vibrating tickler stimulates her externally , i am once again stuck in my house ( going crazy ) and looking for work . 4 hitting the right spotscrapbook
everytime ! not only will the firm grip make him stay harder forclip and sunnyvale santa .
longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! polariton if midterm dodecahedral nor siberiadont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today !
and i used to be able to visit all my frens blog ( not tt i ' m kpo or anything ) but now i can only visit certain blogs only . . namely catherine ' s , faizah ' s , xinyi ' s , cindy ' s , phileo ' s and josh ' s . . . i oso can ' t visit the sites i used to frequent in the past . . . . and all this happen juz bcos of the bloody problem wif my com . . . i dun think my mum ' s willing to haf it fixed anytime soon so i still haf to use the damn computer n bear wif it . . . but knowing my short temper , i might juz throw the com outside the window one day . . . . 4
