Subject: message of importance .
anyway 41 turned 80 , or as folks not in the media may have heard ghw bush turned 80 sunday . there was a huge celebration for him at minute maid park where there were performers and all kinds of event . while we had a tv crew there i was not . 2 can i let you in on a secret ? now i want you to think back , to when you were younger . did you ever wonder what magic your mother had in her , i did once i got older , how is it they were able to ease the pain of a skinned knee just by blowing on it and giving it a little kiss through their hands . it seemed once that was done i can remember the pain virtually just disappearing . they could mend hurt feeling with nothing more then a hug and no matter how dark a day you thought you were having mom always knew what to do or say to brighten it up . face it mom had a tough job , she had to be the cook , cleaner , dr . wife to dad and most important referee all the while working an outside job as well . when you think mom was all soft it would never fail someone or something would threaten her child and she would jump in to the rescue and nothing could stop her . i mean there isn ' t a force on mother earth that can stop a mom when it comes to her child . 6
well the daughter ( know known as h and the son will be h 2 ) had an appointment at the docs office to day , he thinks she is a few more weeks along then she thinks she is due to her size , he said she was way to big for her time frame even with twins , they have a level 2 sonogram scheduled sometime later next week . . . if it is triplets , well i don ; t know what i will do . hmm a walkabout sounds interesting . . . lol . 3 enjoy a better love life for both you and your partner .
bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with them ! attache
let me introduce you to something that is fun , exciting and most of bag gordon yet closet
all enjoyable . . . the vibrating ring ! ! it ' s the latest craze to sweep the world and people
just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll wantcavernous and trinket
10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasiveshone
or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! greenhouse for chlordane .
so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , we grabbed t after the ceremony and came home , i grabbed a sack lunch and hit the time clock . all in all a good day today . 3
ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , maria
vibrating tickler stimulates her externally , remember : you never know what ' s around the corner until you look . 4 hitting the right spotbygone
everytime ! not only will the firm grip make him stay harder forcalligraph if acceptant craftsperson .
longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! ombudsman the allen parental yet dogmadont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today !
my compadres are back from their vacations so we talked about spain and florida and pretty much caught up . i was glad today was not a major pain since i was not looking forward to it . i could use a few more days off just too sleep . i am thinking about going to a sleep clinic here in town and meet with their doctors to see if i have a sleeping problem and if they may can help . 4
