Subject: bullets 7 / 21
interactive open season - two packages of transportation capacity were posted
on friday 7 / 21 for auction . strong markets out west indicate we should
expect at or near max rates for the 3 - month space and above average bids for
the 12 - month space . we expect 6 - 12 bidders to actively participate . a
significant amount of time was spent by all team members working with it
personnel modifying the existing computer system to enable the auction to
take place . thanks to all who made this come together .
duke - we sold to duke a firm transport agreement that will bring 20 , 000
mmbtu / d of incremental supply to tw ' s east end at the crawford receipt
point . the contract is a 2 year ft agreement beginning 8 / 1 / 00 for 20 , 000
mmbtu / d from crawford to oasis ( eot - eot ) at $ 0 . 02 for year 1 and $ 0 . 0250
for year two .
ngpl winkler i / c - this interconnect was activated on monday and began
flowing gas its first week of operation . we received a nomination of 40 , 000
mmbtu to supply western gas demand .
southwest gas - we received the shipper executed agreement in our office this
week !
august gas sale - 10 , 000 mmbtu / d was sold for the month of august at
$ 4 . 10 / mmbtu .
socal - visited their office to discuss among several things the issue of the
needles window . socal ' s fluctuation of this set point has hampered tw ' s
throughput for several months now . they agreed to give transwestern a chance
to meet the 750 , 000 mmbtu / day . the window has been 750 , 000 mmbtu / day and
above since our visit and tw  , s deliverability has not been a problem .
additionally , pg & e has raised their window to 300 , 000 mmbtu / d . these two
events combined allowed tw to deliver near - record throughput to california
this week . thanks to everyone , including all ops team members for helping
make this happen .
pg & e - met with market center personnel to discuss storage opportunities for
both tw & pg & e . they were interested in the idea of using tw  , s park ' n ride
service when their storage was allocated ( a role reversal from when we
initiated this program last year ) . the market center and tw will continue to
talk daily to pursue any storage opportunities that arise .
el paso merchant services was provided a 10 - year proposal for transportation
in tw ' s east of thoreau area for a potential power plant load off of the
pg & e - intrastate line beginning november 2001 . initial expected load
requirements of 10 - 15 , 000 mmbtu / d may increase to 75 , 000 / d during the term of
the agreement . this would be incremental supply into tw ' s east end .
unbound technology - met with unbound representatives again this week . this
wireless message provider gave us a draft proposal outlining potential
services tw could use in an effort to be more proactive with customers
regarding noms , confirmations , cut notices , and auction information . we will
review the draft internally and follow up with them next week with additional
questions .
cross - functional team meeting - attended the operational team meeting in
albuquerque this week . we gave a short presentation on the status of various
capital projects , proposed transport services , and overall market conditions
that are impacting the pipeline .
aquila - gained $ 35 , 000 in the realignment of points on an existing aquila
contract .