Subject: today : 2000 united way kickoff
today is a very exciting day at enron as we officially kick off the 2000
united way campaign ,  & who wants to help millions ?  8 while we  , ve tested your
physical stamina the last couple of years with our basketball themed
kick - offs , this year we thought we  , d test your intellectual curiosity with
our own version of abc  , s  & who wants to be a millionaire ?  8
we strongly encourage all of you to attend today  , s campaign kick - off at the
hyatt regency  , s imperial ballroom followed by a free chick fil a lunch in
antioch park . the kick - off begins promptly at 11 : 15 a . m . and seating will be
on a first - come first - serve basis , so be sure to arrive early for a seat in
your reserved business unit section . in case of rain , please see rain plan
below .
you will have a chance to see many of your co - workers take a chance in the
 & hot seat ,  8 all while raising funds for the united way of the texas gulf
coast . jeff skilling , joe sutton and i , along with united way  , s jackie
martin , and curt mooney from depelchin children  , s center will even serve as
lifelines , and houston  , s own regis  ) abc channel 13  , s don nelson , will host
the event .
if you are unable to get a seat in the hyatt studio audiences , we have
arranged for alternate viewing options :
? enron lobby tv
? ip - tv on your desktop , in the start menu under programs
we have added an exciting element to pledging this year , an electronic
pledging system . please click on the united way link
http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape
and type in unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either option should
take you to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site where you should be able to
make your pledge within minutes .
we are happy to report that last year , employees generously donated $ 2 . 2
million to the campaign . this year , we hope to reach our employee goal of
$ 2 . 3 million .
thank you in advance for your generosity , and we look forward to seeing you
at 11 : 15 a . m .
ken
rain plan :
alternate routes to the hyatt : please utilize the tunnel system which can be
accessed via the escalators leading to the body shop . the tunnel walk to the
hyatt should take you 5 minutes .
alternate lunch plan if raining in antioch park : lunch will be served under
the overhang just outside the enron building on andrews street .