Subject: tw bullets 8 / 11
interactive open season - tw held its third ios of the year this week for
14 , 000 mmbtu / d of space from east of thoreau to pg & e topock . ten parties
originally registered to bid of which 7 actually participated . the high bid
was reliant at $ . 138 .
gallup compressor - a meeting was held with operations , regulatory , and
facility planning personnel to review the performance of the new compressor
station . currently , the vibration level has increased . the unit and lateral
efficiency are a continuing concern . operations plans to pull the unit apart
in early september for an evaluation . at this time , the anticipated 30 , 000
mmbtu / d of " additional " capacity we hoped to have is now not available .
there is also concern that we may be unable to meet our currently subscribed
ft obligation .
el paso all american - we attended the el paso pipeline meeting this week as
they described their ferc filing to begin the conversion of the all american
pipeline from oil to gas . they reiterated several times to attending
shippers that the project would not offer any incremental space to the main
line . el paso ' s filing centers around the cost and fuel savings from
decommissioning very old compressor equipment on their south system and
replacing the capacity with the all american line . the cost figures
( conversion and acquisition ) that el paso filed tracked very closely with
what transwestern estimated in its evaluation of the pipe . the in - service
date is expected to be july 1 , 2001 .
transport options - tw commercial reps met with marketing and regulatory
personnel from burlington resources , conoco , and texaco this week to review
the proposed transport options tariff filing . the meeting was very positive
and constructive . several suggestions were made that led to the realization
that the best course of action would be to delay the actual tariff filing and
have a working group meeting in the houston office . everyone agreed that as
much preliminary work as possible should be done before the filing to make
the whole process less contentious and to garner more customer support for
the tariff . we are trying to schedule the working group session for the
third week of august .
crawford lateral - a line leak on the lateral this week reduced flow from
50 , 000 mmbtu / d to zero . operations initially estimated 2 - 3 days of down time
but actually only required 12 hours . approximately 55 feet of line was
replaced .
el paso measurement letter - stan horton forwarded the " mis - measurement "
letter to el paso management this week . we will follow up in approximately
two weeks if they don ' t respond sooner .
operator imbalances - met with market services personnel to review operator
imbalances across tw ' s system . marketing is supportive of gas control ' s
efforts to limit the imbalances and begin allocations if operators schedule
gas and then can ' t deliver . with proactive balance management , there is
opportunity to realize greater park ' n ride revenue .
transcolorado shipper meeting - kevin hyatt will be attending the
transcolorado shipper meeting this week in boulder . christine stokes
attended the colorado oil & gas association meeting .