Subject: code of ethics
as enron employees , we are responsible for conducting the business affairs of
the company in accordance with all applicable laws and in a moral and honest
manner .
to make certain that we understand what is expected of us , enron has adopted
certain policies , approved by the board of directors , which are in the code
of ethics july 2000 , formerly known as the enron conduct of business
affairs . this year , we  , ve made some revisions to our code of ethics to
address recent policies approved by the board of directors and adopted by
enron . these changes include :
 principles of human rights have been added , which describe enron  , s
responsibility to conduct itself according to basic tenets of human behavior
that transcend industries , cultures , economics , and local , regional and
national boundaries ( see pg . 4 ) ;
 additional information about our business ethics policy about legal
contracts , the selection of outside counsel , and disparaging remarks made by
employees about enron ( see pg . 12 ) ;
 additional information about enron  , s policy on confidential information and
trade secrets ( see pg . 14 ) ;
 a decrease in the number of days computer passwords are valid under enron  , s
policy on communication services and equipment ( see pg . 35 ) ;
 additional information about criminal penalties and civil fines assessed by
the us government under the foreign corrupt practices act ( see pg . 50 ) ; and
 additional language regarding enron  , s policy on conflicts of interests ,
investments , and outside business interests of employees ( see pg . 57 ) .
the code of ethics contains commonsense rules of conduct that most employees
practice on a day - to - day basis . however , i ask that you read them carefully
and completely to make certain that you are complying with these policies .
it is absolutely essential that you fully comply with these policies in the
future . if you have any questions , i encourage you to discuss them with your
supervisor or enron legal counsel .
in next few weeks , you will receive the code of ethics july 2000 booklet and
a certificate of compliance , which you must sign as a statement of your
agreement to comply with the policies stated in the code of ethics booklet
during your employment with enron . you may do this in one of two ways :
 select the code of ethics option located at ehronline . enron . com and
complete the certificate of compliance .
 sign and return the certificate of compliance to elaine overturf , deputy
corporate secretary , enron corp . 1400 smith street , eb 4836 , houston , texas
77002 - 7369 .
thank you for your cooperation and for all you do to make enron a successful
company .