Subject: transport options program meeting
pete ,
i appreciate your response . while i certainly understand your position ,
please know that we were careful in choosing the date and time , balancing the
need to conduct the workshop as soon as practicable with the need to
accomodate the commercial activities of our customers . we were told by a
number of parties that by the last day of the month , most of the next month ' s
business has been done . we also set it up for later in the day to accomodate
morning trading .
given your personal experience in these matters and conoco ' s involvement in
gas and electric matters across the county , i really hope that you can find
time to participate in our workshop . if not , certainly your efforts to date
to bring certain questions and issues to our attention have been very
helpful . we look forward to working with you on this and other projects in
the future .
thanks ,
jeff
" frost , pete " on 08 / 23 / 2000 05 : 22 : 21 pm
to : " ' jeffery . fawcett @ enron . com ' "
cc : " jones , teddy g . " , " wheatley , jerry l . "
subject : transport options program meeting
jeff ,
conoco would like to participate in the referenced conference , but because
the meeting is scheduled on august 31 st , during gas bid - week , we will most
likely be unable to attend . however , given the importance of this meeting
to all of tw ' s shippers , we suggest that consideration be given to
rescheduling the meeting to a later time when all interested parties have an
unhindered opportunity to attend . this would allow tw to seek input from
the largest possible number of its customers .
we look forward to actively participating in the development of this
proposed service . additionally , please place me on the distribution list
for future correspondence .
sincerely ,
pete frost
manager of regulatory affairs
conoco gas and power marketing
pete . frost @ usa . conoco . com
- - - - - - - - - - original text - - - - - - - - - -
from : > , on
8 / 22 / 00 1 : 27 pm :
to :
transwestern is seeking your assistance in conducting a workshop on its
proposed transport options program . we are asking a small group of our
business partners representing a cross section of transwestern ' s customer
base to help us resolve some of the remaining details of the program .
during the 2 - hour workshop , transwestern will attempt to answer questions
raised by its customers following the original rollout of the program a
couple of weeks ago . it is hoped that following the workshop , we can put
the finishing touches to a service offering that merits the support of those
involved in the workshop group as well as the ferc and transwestern ' s
shippers . we ask that you send both a commercial representative as well as
a regulatory or legal representative in order that we can address the full
range of issues affecting this proposed filing . below are the details of
the meeting :
double tree hotel
400 dallas street
houston , tx 77002
( 713 ) 759 - 0202
meeting room : fannin room , 2 nd floor
date : thursday , august 31 , 2000
time : 2 : 00 - 4 : 00 p . m .
coffee , soft drinks and snacks will be provided
rsvp your company ' s attendance by telephone or email to jeff fawcett at
713 - 853 - 1521 or jfawcet @ enron . com . your
company ' s participation in this workshop will be greatly appreciated .