Subject: development center course offerings
september classes
working styles : working with people effectively - september 19 ( 4 hour
session ) cost : $ 300 . 00
this module helps participants understand how they perceive others and how
others perceive them on the basis of behavioral clues . it also discusses what
they can learn from those clues about working together effectively . as a
result , participants will experience less interpersonal tension with members
of the team or work unit .
communicating effectively - september 19 , & 20 ( 4 hour sessions )
cost : $ 200 . 00
participants will learn the skills that facilitate and promote good
communication , as well as the behaviors that indicate a willingness to
communicate with others . as a result of the module , participants will have
new models and tools that enhance their willingness and ability to
communicate in the workplace .
fundamentals of corporate finance - september 21 & 22 cost : $ 700 . 00
this program is designed to provide managers , professionals , technical and
staff personnel a basic understanding of finance and accounting principles
that are imbedded in enron equity transactions . this program is also a good
refresher in finance and accounting before taking the applied finance
program .
applied finance - september 28 & 29 cost : $ 700 . 00
if a basic understanding of enron equity transactions ( deals ) will help you
do your job better , this course is for you . this course will help you
understand how ena structures deals , the " deal space " , and how the financial
principals discussed relate to ena deals .
franklincovey project managment : an approach that really works * * * -
september 27 cost : $ 300 . 00
this is a one - day introductory program designed for those who have never had
project management training before . this course will meet the needs of
people who need to handle multiple small projects , with typically less than
100 tasks .
* * * pilot class
for registration or more information , please click here ( ) to go directly
into the development center " ernie " , or call 3 - 0357 .