Subject: gpg windows 2000 / outlook project announcement
gpg will begin gathering information in september for our migration to
windows 2000 and outlook / exchange .
windows 2000 ( or w 2 k ) is microsoft ' s newest operating system and has been
selected as enron ' s standard desktop operating system . along with this
change , we are moving from lotus notes to outlook / exchange as our standard
messaging ( email ) application .
this project is a huge undertaking , and we need everyone  , s assistance to
ensure success . the gpg - it team will partner with each group to ensure every
aspect is covered . each group ( it and the user group ) will assign a point
of contact ( poc ) to work with the it group . the poc ' s responsibilities
include application information gathering , identifying security requirements ,
documenting all issues and concerns , and communicating project status .
we are approaching the windows 2000 / exchange project in a phased approach .
phase i , starting now and running through november , consists of  & information
gathering  8 about hardware , applications , issues , as well as application
testing in our windows 2000 lab and user sign - off . the phase i findings will
determine the phase ii start date .
phase ii , will be the actual  & implementation  8 of desktop hardware , windows
2000 and outlook software , and user training . we will also be migrating
" user " data on the network to a windows 2000 file server and migrating
applications to a windows 2000 application server .
some of the benefits of migrating to w 2 k
increased desktop reliability and response time . windows 2000 is much more
stable and robust than windows 95 / 98 / nt .
increased system performance because minimum hardware requirements for w 2 k
are 350 mhz and above with 256 meg memory .
increased desktop manageability and enhanced functionality .
single sign - on for all users / servers . no more problems with trying to keep
all your lan and email passwords the same !
some of the impacts to migrating to w 2 k
some of the old office ( word , excel , powerpoint or access ) documents will
need to be updated . if you have any old documents that you think will not
move forward to w 2 k , please communicate this to your it poc .
we are aware that some hardware and applications may have problems running in
windows 2000 . we will work together to find a suitable solution for
everyone .
another communication with much more detail regarding w 2 k and outlook will be
coming soon .
if you have any questions , comments or issues , as always , please feel free to
contact your gpg support group directly .
thanks .
gpg solution center omaha help desk
x 54745 x 7454