Subject: enron in action 10 . 02 . 00
country music want the chance to meet willie nelson , waylon jennings , john
anderson , and others ? interfaith carepartners ,
concert a houston - based volunteer organization that services senior citizens
with aids , alzheimers , cancer , etc . , is hosting
the " classic texas : willie nelson and bbq " event at the woodlands pavilion
on october 8 . tickets are $ 250
per person and include the concert ( which starts at 1 : 00 pm ) , and a chance to
meet some of your favorite country western
stars plus bbq and drinks from 6 : 00 p . m - 8 : 30 p . m . in a special vip tent .
this is a great opportunity to entertain
customers or just enjoy the music . dress is texas casual ! contact
713 - 682 - 5995 for more information , tickets are limited !
meet the rockets come meet the houston rockets and comets ! learn more about
the new arena and what it means for houston .
and comets ! the event will be from 5 : 30 p . m . - 7 : 30 p . m . on october 2 and
will include autographs , live music , sports
memorabilia , refreshments and more . tickets are only $ 35 per person . call
713 - 426 - 2228 for more infomation .
junior achievement bring your lunch and join us on thursday , october 12 in
eb 552 at 11 : 30 a . m . to learn more about how you can become
brown bag lunch a junior achievement volunteer . as a volunteer , you are an
important role model who can guide students on
how to achieve personal and professional success . please rsvp via email to
jessica nunez by october 10 .
theatre under come enjoy the totally hip holiday presentation of " the wiz " ,
winner of seven tony awards and an adaptation of the
under the stars ! classic " the wizard of oz " . this private performance is
available to tuts ' corporate friends on december 2
at 8 : 00 p . m . for $ 25 per person . catering services and santa claus
appearances can be made available to
parties as well . for more information , contact david greiss at 713 - 558 - 2600
for a wonderful holiday treat !
s . n . a . p . pickle the spay - neuter assistance program ( s . n . a . p ) is bringing the
new pickle circus to the aerial theater on
october 7 at 2 : 30 pm . come enjoy this animal - free circus and marvel at
performers who incorporate aerial acrobatics
and laugh - out - loud antics with a riot of colors , jazz music and interactive
fun for kids and adults . for tickets or
information , call ticketmaster or click on www . ticketmaster . com .
open house for knowledge beginnings , enron ' s back - up child care provider
located on 777 clay street , is hosting an open house
childcare on friday , october 6 from 9 : 00 a . m . to 4 : 00 p . m . stop by and
check out the new facilities or engage in fun
activities with your child such as photo sessions , fingerprint id ' s , face
painting , etc . please call lorraine gibbs ,
center director , at 713 - 759 - 1915 for more information .
houston cougar discounted tickets are now available for purchase through the
signature shop for the two remaining houston
football cougar home football games . tickets come in sets of two or four
tickets for only $ 14 per ticket .
click here for tickets and more information or contact greg grissom at ext .
58741 .
houston ballet enjoy the magnificent houston ballet for a fraction of the
price with the great corporate corps program !
membership when you enroll in the one - year membership program , you can
purchase up to four available seats on the day of
each performance for only $ 11 . 50 each . contact the houston ballet at
713 - 535 - 3235 for more information .
carnival hands join rob walls , enron ' s managing director $ 16 for contractors .
saks fifth avenue saks fifth avenue - houston galleria - is offering enron
employees and contractors a special discount during the
discounts week of october 2 - 8 . for business wardrobe purchases , the following
discounts will apply :
15 % pay with cash , check , or third - party credit card
20 % pay with existing saks account card
25 % open a new saks account the day of your purchases
to receive the discount , simply show your enron business card or i . d . at the
time of purchase . contact georgia
fogo at ext . 35609 for more information .
the marriot donates unused food every night to end hunger , a charity service
benefitting houston ' s homeless community .