Subject: enron global messaging announcement
over the last few months , we have been discussing our standard e - mail
platform with you , our customer . your feedback from the various
demonstrations , surveys and technology showcases validated that e - mail is a
vital part of your ability to communicate effectively . however , your
feedback also indicated that you need your e - mail client to have additional
functionality and increased integration with other applications you use .
therefore , to meet the demands of our fast - paced business , enron net works is
standardizing our e - mail platform by deploying microsoft outlook 2000 to all
the business units we currently support for messaging . ( project plans for
ebs , ees and azurix are still being finalized and will be communicated
separately . )
this conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 will improve your ability to
communicate and provide a more consistent look and feel across the standard
office applications you use on a daily basis . we are excited about this
opportunity to provide a more robust , full function solution for your
messaging needs . to provide you with additional details about the
conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 , we are including a list of
frequently asked questions about this project .
how does this project affect me ?
your current lotus notes e - mail system will be converted to microsoft outlook
2000 .
what is microsoft outlook 2000 ?
outlook 2000 is the messaging client you will use to read your e - mail , update
your calendar and personal address book , record to do lists , etc .
why are we switching to outlook 2000 ?
outlook 2000 integrates more effectively with our new operating system ,
windows 2000 , and the microsoft products that enron currently uses . with
outlook 2000 , we can provide you with a more robust mail platform including
the following new features :
instant messaging  ) ability to send person - to - person , immediate , pop - up
messages .
improved palm / ce synchronization  ) allows for simpler and quicker updates of
your hand held device from multiple places .
conferencing server  ) ability to conduct video conferences from your desktop .
web access  ) ability to retrieve your enron e - mail via a browser .
fax integration  ) ability to send / receive faxes from your e - mail inbox .
voice mail integration  ) ability to have your voice mail delivered to your
e - mail inbox for retrieval .
when will the outlook 2000 rollout start and when will i get it ?
the pilot will begin in late october with the production rollout beginning in
late november . we are finalizing our business unit rollout schedule .
additional information will be provided to all business units as it becomes
available . project updates will be posted on the project section of the it
central web site at http : / / itcentral . enron . com . additionally , you may send
questions to outlook . 2000 @ enron . com , and a member of the project team will be
happy to address these individually .