Subject: williams announces sketchy open season results for new western
frontier pipeline project
note : williams does not give the amount of volume response they received in
their open season . 540 , 000 dth / d was their
established volume at the onset . also , it is interesting that they are
naming the oklahoma intrastate markets as their market
for the project .
western frontier pipe gets rave reviews
after successfully completing a non - binding open season on sept . 21 , for the
western frontier project , williams ' gas pipeline unit plans to hold a binding
open season in the near future to gauge the exact market interest in the
project that would transport gas supply from the rockies to the mid - continent
region .
" we are very pleased with the interest the market has shown in our western
frontier project . we continue to believe that western frontier will be a
cost - effective way to bring economically - priced rockies supply into the
mid - continent , " said kim cocklin , vice president of customer services and
rates for williams ' central and texas gas pipeline systems .
the western frontier project is expected to transport up to 540 , 000 dth / d
from the cheyenne hub to williams ' hugoton compressor station on the central
system in southwest kansas and its oklahoma - hugoton pipeline .
the project would also have access to anr pipeline , panhandle eastern
pipeline , northern natural gas and natural gas pipeline of america . williams
believes this project would be able to supply a " seamless transport at an
incremental cost " to oklahoma intrastate markets by way of the central
system . through the central system , customers would also be able to access
storage including directly owned and third party storage fields .
williams expects western frontier ' s rates to hugoton to fall in the mid - 20
cents per dth . the company also expects a fuel rate of less than 1 % . expected
to be in service during november 2003 , the project will require the
construction of almost 400 miles of pipeline and the addition of 13 , 000 hp .
- -