Subject: reminder : enron at a glance
just a quick reminder concerning enron at a glance . if you have not
registered for enron at a glance , spaces are becoming limited .
welcome to enron ! you have joined an exciting company at a critical time in
the growth of our organization . as a part of the enron team , you will be at
the forefront of the ongoing evolution of our business .
ours is a dynamic company and it is important for you to understand both the
breadth and the depth of the company you have just joined . we believe that
" open communication " is critical to the company ' s ongoing success , as well as
to yours . as an ongoing part of the new hire network , we invite you to
attend the corporate sponsored full day : " enron at a glance " this program
builds upon the orientation you may have received your first day on the job .
reserve the date !
date : thursday , october 26 , 2000
time : 8 : 30 a . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . ( continental breakfast at 8 : 00 a . m . )
location : hyatt regency - downtown ( imperial ballroom )
1200 louisiana street ( lunch provided )
( 713 ) 654 - 1234
you will learn about our various businesses , their products , services ,
markets and strategies and how they fit together to make enron unique in the
energy industry . you will learn about our regulated and unregulated
businesses , our domestic and international markets , our competitive position
and our organization structure .
members of the senior management team of the corporation will be there to
review these areas with you personally . we will also talk about our culture
and values , what sets us apart from other companies in this area , what we
expect of employees and what we offer in return .
your input is not only paramount , but greatly appreciated . as new employees
we understand you have questions concerning the ongoing operations of the
various business units of enron . we want your questions answered ! please
e - mail questions concerning the various business units to the following :
jdavis 6 @ enron . com . our business unit leaders will address these questions
during our presentation .
please register by leaving a voice mail message at ( 713 ) 853 - 7181 . in the
event you should have any questions , please call jeff d . davis at ( 713 )
345 - 8908 .
we look forward to seeing you on the 26 th !