Subject: we want to check your pulse
once again , it ' s time to find out what you think about your work experience
at enron and enron transportation services company , and what we can do to
help make it better . that ' s why we want to check your pulse . in fact , we ' ve
changed the name of last year ' s " excellence through communication " employee
survey to the pulse . we believe the pulse more accurately captures the
purpose of the survey . your diagnosis will help us correct problem areas so
we can continue to make enron a great place to work .
is available : monday , oct . 16 - friday , oct . 27
is located at : survey . enron . com
there are a few things we want you to remember about the pulse :
1 . your survey responses will be confidential . you can complete your survey
from special computer kiosks that will be set up in some of our larger
offices . several group computer terminals also will be available in smaller
field offices . we want to provide you with the most comfortable environment
possible , as your participation is of vital importance to us . alternatively ,
you can key in your responses from your desktop computer . the responses keyed
from your desktop will be confidential as well .
2 . we will respond actively to your comments . we are going to do our best to
cure some of the current problems that exist and put into action preventative
processes that will help identify smaller problems before they become major
ones . we may ask for your help in resolving some of the issues that are
collected in the survey - your active role will help us identify the best
solutions .
in last year ' s survey , you identified several problem areas regarding
internal communications , workload and performance management . we ' ve already
acted on many of your recommendations . these are a few of the things we ' ve
accomplished in direct response to your input :
 ets strengthened management focus on intellectual capital and employee
through the initiation of :
 table talk sessions with ets office of the chairman , which give employees
the opportunity to have frontline discussions ,
 the " innovation series , " which invites employees to share their ideas
openly and ensures management commitment to evaluating ideas ,
 e - speak sessions with ets leaders to exchange ideas , and
 our name change to enron transportation services to recognize our most
strategic asset - you .
 we made workload planning and management training / development available to
ets employees to address workload issues , the greatest ets concern in the
survey .
 we improved the consistency of performance management , the survey topic
that received the most employee comments , by extending the use of the
performance evaluation process ( pep ) system and the performance review
committee ( prc ) process to all levels in ets at mid - year in 2000 .
please take a few minutes to check your pulse and tell us what you think and
how you feel about your job and about enron .
we look forward to hearing from you