Subject: enron in action 10 . 13 . 00
arena brown bag come learn more about the proposed arena for downtown
houston at the brown bag lunch on monday , october 23
lunch at the hyatt regency imperial ballroom from noon to 1 : 00 p . m . enron
chairman and ceo ken lay , former chairman of
reliant energy don jordon , former rockets star clyde drexler , and carroll
dawson , general manager for the rockets
and comets , will speak at the lunch and answer questions from the audience .
seating is limited , and tickets can be
picked up in community relations at eb 406 from tuesday , october 17 to
friday , october 20 .
alley theatre join the alley theatre young professionals group and enjoy
opportunities to attend first - rate performances , socialize
membership with fellow art enthusiasts , and mingle at festive pre - and
post - performance mixers ! help pave the way for the alley
theatre ' s future success and receive a special subscription to cutting - edge
productions and as well as access to intimate
performance space . single and couple rates are available . for more
information , contact vicki sanders of the alley
theater at 713 - 228 - 9341 or vickis @ alleytheatre . org .
uh brown bag the cougars basketball season is fast approaching , so come
attend the brown bag lunch at eb 5 c 2 from 11 : 30 - 12 : 30 .
featuring joe curl , women ' s basketball coach , as well as several players .
mark your calendars for this informal
question - and - answer session . to attend , rsvp to merlyn fance at ext . 30411
as soon as possible .
howl - oween party ! bring out your dogs for the 2 nd annual enron dog day
afternoon at the harris county animal center on saturday ,
october 28 from 10 : 00 a . m . to 2 : 00 p . m . test your dog ' s temperament and
canine good citizen degree . there will be
an agility demonstration , as well as a howl - oween costume contest . cost is
$ 5 per dog , and lunch will be provided .
call laurel boatright at ext . 35097 to rsvp and for directions .
chinese paintings are you an art lover ? come to the continental center i
gallery ( continental building , 1600 smith , 2 nd floor ) and enjoy
show chengyi li , an artist from china , and his selection of personal works of
chinese art . the exhibit will run from october 30
to december 1 , and enron employees receive a 10 % discount . for more
information , contact maggie li at ext . 56011
win a bmw z 3 ! log onto yahoo ! auctions at auctions . yahoo . com and have the
chance to win a 2000 bmw z 3 convertible roadster !
the car is complete with major league baseball team logos , as well as
autographs from stars such as jose lima ,
craig biggio , jeff bagwell , sammy sosa , mike piazza , and more ! proceeds
from the auction will benefit hank aaron ' s
chasing the dream foundation , search , the sunshine kids , and mlb ' s baseball
assistance team ( b . a . t . )
jdf cyber help support the juvenile diabetes foundation and mark these dates
on your calendar ! the jdf cyber auction starts
auction on october 25 , 8 : 00 a . m . and ends october 26 , 4 : 00 p . m . for more
information , contact sophie patel at ext . 35055
or eddie sera at ext . 30480 .
run against drugs join the enron running club at the run against drugs 5 k and
1 mile kids ' run on saturday , october 21 . this event
5 k benefits the local , state , and federal law enforcement officers and
survivors ' benefit fund . if you ' re interested
in running or volunteering your time , please contact cindy richardson at
ext . 34770 , or click here for more information .
arena initiatives if you are interested in volunteering or assisting with
various arena activities in the upcoming months , contact
laurel boatright at ext . 35097 for more information .
.
sunshine kids day join mark koenig , executive vice president of investor
relations , for a very rewarding and meaningful day with
at astroworld the sunshine kids ! enron is proud to host more than 100
children on saturday , october 28 at astroworld . sunshine
kids is dedicated to providing activities for children with cancer and
volunteers are needed for companionship
throughout the day . to volunteer , contact joannie williamson at ext . 36021 .
carnival hands join rob walls , enron ' s managing director & deputy general
counsel , as a volunteer at the brookwood community ' s
needed 15 th anniversary celebration on november 4 ! the brookwood community
is a non - profit , educational , residential
work facility for adultswith functional disabilities . volunteers are needed
to help the staff with games , food booths ,
karaoke and face painting , as well as event set - up and tear down . if you ' re
interested , contact sylvia patton at
281 - 375 - 2100 or click on www . brookwoodcommunity . org .
october is national the texas gulf coast chapter of the lupus foundation is
seeking walkers , volunteers , and / or contributors for the
lupus awareness " many faces of lupus walk " on october 21 . come help raise
awareness for this disease which attacks up to
month two million americans , 90 % of which are women . for more information ,
contact mary poorman at ext . 35251 .
help knock out the juvenile diabetes foundation is seeking walkers , team
leaders and volunteers to participate in their annual
diabetes ! " walk for the cure " scheduled for november 5 . for more
information , contact cathy phillips at ext . 36898 .
flu immunization the center for disease control in atlanta has reported that
the availability of this season ' s flu vaccine may be
notice delayed . the health center will notify employees when the vaccine
arrives but encourages employees to innoculate
themselves on their own , as there may not be enough supplies for everyone ' s
vaccination .
cpr / first aid cpr / first aid certification is scheduled on tuesday , october
24 , from 1 : 00 p . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . in conference room
certification room 47 c 2 . the cost is $ 10 for employees and contractors .
call the health center at ext . 36100 to register .
adoption lifeworks - adoption resources consultants are available to provide
day , evening and weekend counseling . this is
resources a confidential service available to enron employees . for
information about adoption call 800 - 635 - 0606 or visit
their website at www . lifeworks . com ( enter i . d . : enron , password : 2000 ) .
each year , enron gives back 1 % or its pretax earnings to the communities we
serve !