Subject: enron technology showcase announcement
that ' s the way it should be and that ' s what we ' re doing ! the technology
groups from enron net works , enron transportation services , enron broadband
services and enron energy services are joining together to bring you the
latest enron technology showcase . the purpose of this event is to keep you ,
our customer , aware of the tools available to you today as well as plans for
the future . come see and hear about the future of  ( laptops , desktops ,
operating systems , messaging and much more .
when : november 2 & 3
time : 10 : 00 a . m .  ) 2 : 00 p . m .
place : enron building plaza
thursday , november 2 , 2000
? windows 2000 *  ) see the latest workstation operating system coming to a
desktop near you .
? help desk *  ) let  , s talk it over . come meet your front line support group .
? it procurement *  ) everyone loves to shop , but do you know what you  , re
buying ? we do .
? security *  ) we  , ll answer your questions about gaining access to
applications and other network resources .
? hardware *  ) see the latest laptops , desktops , etc .
? integrated solutions center  ) do you have questions about ehronline ? we
have the answers !
? technology training  ) if you  , re not learning , you  , re not growing . stop by
and see what classes are available to you .
friday , november 3 , 2000
? messaging *  ) e - mail , e - mail , e - mail  ( see and hear about the future
solution for your business unit .
? remote connectivity *  ) do you work from home or are you a  & road warrior  8 ?
this exhibit can help you get connected .
? global strategic sourcing  ) we  , ve got plans to  & save you money  8 . stop by
and see how .
? enron broadband services * *  ) ebs specific offering .
? enron energy services * *  ) ees specific offering .
? enron transportation services * *  ) ets specific offering .
? enron net works * *  ) enw specific offering .
* representatives from all of the it business units ( enw , ets , ebs and ees )
will be present to answer your questions .
* * each it business unit has an exhibit to  & strut their stuff  8 ! they will be
showcasing products and services that are specific to their
customer base . you  , ll have to see it to believe it !
as you can see , we have 2 full days of information to share with you . so ,
mark your calendar and don  , t forget to stop by and see your information
technology team in action . we look forward to seeing you there .
susan lopez
director , customer connection
enron net works
713 - 853 - 7947