Subject: year - end performance feedback - let ' s do it right !
the performance evaluation process ( pep ) system is now open through friday ,
nov . 17 , for all employees to solicit and provide performance feedback . this
process is powerful . . . if we provide meaningful feedback .
management , when determining performance ratings , participating in prc
meetings , and providing feedback to employees , depends on the comments
received via pep . for the users of pep information to fully understand the
employee  , s performance and the ratings identified , specific comments are
needed to explain each rating , including the overall rating . it ' s most
beneficial to describe specifically what the employee did and why their
action was productive or why it needs improvement .
comments on areas of strength as well as suggesting areas needing improvement
are both important . just as each of us needs feedback and coaching to
improve our skills in sports or other pursuits , we also need to know what and
how we can improve our work skills and behaviors . we all benefit from
constructive feedback .
please actively participate in the year - end pep process and make your input
meaningful .
pep feedback tips :
? provide feedback when requested .
? rate only those skills and behaviors you have observed this year .
? provide specific comments with specific examples .
? indicate performance needs improvement when appropriate .
some feedback examples :
skill / behavior ineffective
feedback improved
feedback
communication " jack communicates well . " " jack was called on to provide written
updates for the ajax project and he clearly conveyed pertinent information
that was easy to read , timely and suited for his audience . the accounting &
finance management team commented on how his reports saved them time . "
teamwork " sue  , s a poor team player . " " when we got to  + crunch  , time sending out year - end
reports , sue chose to spend a day preparing her goals for next year , instead
of pitching in and helping check figures and box up reports with everyone
else . we missed the shipping deadline and our reports were received a day
late . this impacted our customers and caused our team to miss an important
goal . "
innovation " jennifer comes up with great new ideas . " " from reading an article on data
transmitting devices , jennifer identified a tool she thought could be
utilized in our remote gas measurement applications . now implemented , the
remote measurement device has saved us significant monies and time . "
leadership " tom often displays inappropriate leadership skills . " " although tom closes
big deals and contributes significantly to the success of ets , he lacks the
ability to gain the support and commitment of others when dealing with
support groups across departmental lines . for greater success , he should
listen more and provide rationale for his ideas and directives . "
technical " bill  , s technical skills are weak . " " on three occasions , bill misaligned
columns or overlaid critical data when updating departmental , electronic
spreadsheets . these errors caused more than 30 hours of rework and
approximately 8 hours of overtime to fix the mistakes . "
for additional information or assistance on providing performance feedback ,
please contact your hr rep or roger sumlin at 713 - 345 - 7967 .
thanks , in advance , for your participation in this very important feedback
process .