Subject: nbpl announces new bison pipeline project
note : there will be a briefing meeting on the project in denver on nov . 14
n . border plans extension to tap powder river basin
powder river basin gas producers may be about to get a more direct route to
midwest markets . northern border pipeline has released plans to build a new
325 - mile greenfield pipeline from mccabe , mt , to gillette , wy , to tap the
rapidly growing production in the powder river , which is estimated to hold
between 10 and 30 tcf of gas .
the basin ' s rapid production growth has captured the attention of the
industry , with numerous proposed pipelines , including several new interstate
plans that would bring gas to the midcontinent gas grid . northern border ' s
project , called the bison pipeline , would add a new route out of the basin
for between 375 , 000 and 500 , 000 mmbtu / d of production starting in november
2003 . the pipeline is holding an open season on the proposal through dec . 5 .
receipt points are proposed with bighorn , fort union gas gathering , migc and
thunder creek gas services . a bi - directional interconnect accessing williston
basin interstate pipeline ' s baker storage field also is proposed .
the connection with northern border will provide powder river producers with
direct access to several local distribution companies , including
montana - dakota , alliant interstate power , midamerican energy , nicor gas ,
people gas and nipsco . it also provides access to anr pipeline , midwestern ,
ngpl , northern and vector .
the projected recourse rate is 26 cents / dth / d , but a negotiated 10 - year
demand rate cuts 4 cents off that . the pipeline is offering
" mileage - sensitive rates , " which are expected to allow a shipper to tailor
supply access and optimize transportation value .
northern border plans to hold a briefing on the project in denver on nov . 14 .
for more information , contact project director paul miller in omaha , nb , at
( 402 ) 398 - 7758 or james hoff in denver at ( 303 ) 575 - 6475 , or see the
pipeline ' s web site at www . . com .