Subject: enron in action 11 . 06 . 00
holiday shopping support the rise school of houston while you do your holiday
shopping ! participating stores in the center at
for rise school ! post oak , 5000 westheimer ( across from the galleria ) , are
donating a percentage of their sales on saturday ,
november 18 to the rise school . no cards to buy , all you need to do is
shop ! stores include bbl classic ,
iloff jewelers , nature ' s way day spa and salon , sport clips all star
haircuts and more - look for posters in
participating stores . for more information about rise , check out
www . riseschool . com .
houston symphony enjoy the 4 th annual singles bash with the houston symphony
on monday , november 20 from 6 : 00 p . m . - 7 : 00 p . m .
singles mixer ! at sambuca jazz cafe ! this pre - concert party offers
complimentary hors d ' oeuvres , live jazz quartet blue monks , door
prizes and more , and is a prelude to the houston symphony concert at 8 : 00
p . m . featuring the legendary violinist
midori ! tickets are $ 35 and include the mixer and concert ticket , and
pre - paid reservations are required . don ' t miss
out on this fun mixer - call 713 - 238 - 1477 .
classical music subscribe to the 2000 - 2001 houston symphony casual classics
season , where hosts and artists provide the audience
happy hours ! with muscial examples and insights into the world of music
before each spectacular performance . enjoy pre - concert
happy hours featuring the blue monks jazz quartet as well as select
opportunities to mingle backstage with guest artists
if you purchase the ticket package . to find out more about program dates
and highlights , visit www . houstonsymphony . org
or call 713 - 224 - 7575 to subscribe .
nutcracker come shop and support the talented houston ballet ! the houston
ballet guild ' s 20 th annual nutcracker market will
market be held at the astrohall novemeber 9 - 12 . merchants from around the
country will showcase row after row of
gifts for your early holiday shopping , so beat the crowd and join in on the
early bird power shopping on saturday ,
november 11 from 8 : 00 a . m . to 10 : 00 a . m . tickets are $ 25 dollars each and
parking is complimentary . for ticket
information call 713 - 535 - 3231 or email nutcrackermarket @ houstonballet . org .
chinese paintings are you an art lover ? come to the continental center i
gallery ( continental building , 1600 smith , 2 nd floor ) and enjoy
show chengyi li , an artist from china , and his selection of personal works of
chinese art . the exhibit will run from october 30
to december 1 . enron employees receive a 10 % discount on the artist ' s works .
for more information , contact
maggie li at ext . 56011 or click here for a preview !
flood relief in massive floods in recent weeks have devastated much of the
mekong delta in vietnam , and as much help as possible
vietnam is needed to help the millions of victims driven out by the natural
disaster . thousands of people have died and the main
food source , rice , has been destroyed . homes and crops are not expected to
recover until well after next year . food ,
water , and shelter are all in extremely short supply . every bit of help can
make a huge difference !
for information on how to support this important cause , contact thu pham
arnold at ext . 55125 . donations to
the flood relief can be made to :
vcsa flood relief
vietnamese culture $ 16 if donating to the rose ( an
organization that provides free mammograms for low - income women ) ; $ 75 for
contractors .
the 2 nd annual enron dog day afternoon ' howloween party ' hosted over 100
lovable canines and raised approximately $ 2 , 500 for
organizations such as great beginnings , golden retreiver rescue , harris
county animal control , and canines in action !