Subject: ets operations technical services organization
the mission of ets operations technical services ( ots ) remains unchanged .
our goal is to be an integral part of field operations , provide the highest
level of technical support possible and assist the field operations teams in
achieving their objectives . to that end and as a part of ets ' s on - going
transition of merging ets ' s and eott ' s operations , i am pleased to announce
a realignment of ets operations technical services .
the purpose of these changes is to better align our technical resources with
the new operations areas and teams and better serve their needs . therefore ,
we will form area technical support teams for each of the technical
disciplines ( corrosion , measurement and controls & electrical ) :
max brown , director of corrosion services , will lead the corrosion teams .
kenneth cessac , director of measurement services , will have responsibility
for the measurement support teams .
ken crowl , director of controls and electrical services will provide
leadership to the c & e teams .
steve klimesh , business consultant , will provide on - going support to ets on
uaf and other continuous improvement initiatives .
the clifton and beaver machines shops will remain a part of ots as we
continue to grow the enron machine and mechanical services business .
the attached organizational charts show the new tech services . the vacancies
reflected on the charts are an effort to shore up our technical support staff
for operating the eott assets . in the coming weeks , our technical support
teams will be further defining their support roles to the region and team
level and working diligently to fill these vacancies . any thoughts or
comments that you might have regarding these changes are certainly
appreciated . please feel free to call me or any of the ots directors with
your feedback or for assistance . our goal is to continue to provide the best
service possible to you , our customers .