Subject: conflict of interest policy mailing to vendors
attached is a copy of a letter which we are sending to our corporate , enron
north america corp . , enron energy services operations , inc . , enron broadband
services , inc . , enron net works , llc , enron engineering and construction
company , egep services , inc . , enron transportation services company , enron
property services company , and portland general electric company vendors as
an additional step toward implementing our commitment to conduct our business
affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards .
we are sending you a copy of this letter so that you will be aware that your
vendors will be receiving this letter and so that you will be reminded that
enron does enlist the cooperation of its vendors in adhering to its business
ethics policy .
we appreciate your efforts in contributing to an enron work environment of
which we can all be proud .
sample
november _ _ _ _ , 2000
office of the chairman
rheadquarter _ name _
raddress _
rcity _ rstate _ rzip _
dear sir or madam :
enron corp . (  & enron  8 ) believes in conducting its business affairs in
accordance with the highest ethical standards . accordingly , employees of
enron and its subsidiaries are required to comply with enron ' s business
ethics policy which requires an employee to conduct himself / herself in a
manner which is not detrimental to the best interests of enron and which does
not bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct
consequence of his / her employment with enron . further , enron ' s business
ethics policy states that no lavish entertainment or gifts are to be given or
received by enron employees for special position , price , or privilege .
not only is it incumbent upon our employees to follow this policy , but your
cooperation in respecting these standards is also critical . enron expects
each of its vendors and contractors to maintain adequate records that
document its work relationship with enron . enron ' s auditing department will
routinely conduct business ethics compliance audits of certain vendors and
contractors with whom enron does business . your recognition of our ethical
standards allows enron employees to work with you via arm ' s length
transactions and avoids potentially embarrassing and unethical situations .
if you ever become aware of variances from our policy , please advise :
james v . derrick , jr .
executive vice president
and general counsel
( 713 ) 853 - 5550 or report
anonymously
to : enron compliance officer
confidential
conduct of business affairs
po box 1188
houston , texas 77251 - 1188
or
the anonymous telephone line :
( 713 ) 853 - 7294
or
the anonymous e - mail address :
ochairm @ enron . com
your business relationship is important to us , and we look forward to
maintaining that relationship with you .
very truly yours ,