Subject: chairman ' s award nominations
the 2000 chairman ' s award nomination process was a tremendous success ! from
around the world , over 425 nominations were received representing a broad
cross - section of our overall organization and resulting in a 73 % increase in
nomination participation from last year . this 100 % employee - driven program
is so successful because you take time to nominate and recognize those
individuals that are special in your work life . every single candidate is to
be congratulated !
this year , the original concept was brought to fruition when the members of
the 1999 chairman ' s roundtable took over the selection process and carried
the torch from past to present . this selection committee reviewed all
candidates on the basis of their ability to consistently bring our values to
life and sought out those select few that are enron ' s " everyday heroes " .
it is with great pleasure that we announce the 2000 chairman ' s roundtable
whose daily pursuit of excellence , commitment to communication , genuine
integrity and respect for others are what make enron the incredible company
that it is today - innovative , successful and undoubtedly one of the best
places to work . the eleven individuals named below are flying to san antonio
this from around the world to be honored at our annual management
conference . one of these finalist will receive the distinguished recognition
as the actual chairman ' s award winner :
the 2000 chairman ' s roundtable
amelia alder , enron operations services ( ets ) - houston , texas
dan boyle , enron global finance - houston , texas
craig buehler , northern natural gas ( ets ) - houston , tx
fernando delpino , industrias ventane ( esa ) - caracas , venezuala
barbara gray , ena - houston , texas
scott guptill , pge - portland , or
mark harada , ees - hinsdale , il
don lehr , the linc corporation ( ees ) - pittsburgh , pa
xafira mendonsa , dahbol power company - mumbia , india
yaser tobeh , operational energy corp . ( ees ) - gaza , palestine
kevin westwood , enron teeside operations ltd . - cleveland , england
attached is a list of every employee who was nominated for the chairman ' s
award this year :
please take a moment to recognize this honor bestowed upon your fellow
employees . we sincerely thank them for their contributions to enron and
their leadership that helps make this organization the world  , s leading energy
and communications company . if you have any questions regarding this year ' s
program or suggestions for the future , please contact charla reese at
charla . reese @ enron . com or call 713 . 853 . 5202 . we hope to see the chairman ' s
award grow and encourage your participation next year .
respectfully
ken & jeff