Subject: monday staff meeting
guys - weather permitting in the texas panhandle area , i expect to be in
friona , tx on monday , november 20 th , on business . provided below are some
items i would have mentioned in the monday staff meeting :
plains farmer ' s coop - to date , i have been able to collect approximately
half of the $ 500 , 000 imbalance which plains coop owes tw . i will be meeting
charles hough in friona ( friona is located 100 miles west of amarillo ) on
monday to discuss the payment plan for the remaining imbalance amount in
additionai to other general business matters . i discussed my action plan
with legal and credit and will request full payment by january 31 , 2000 ,
latest date . effective febrary lst , tw will also include penalty payments
with any future imbalance outside the + / - 10 % tolerance level .
pogo producing - i met recently with john havard with pogo . pogo plans to
spud a well in eddy county which is an offset to the eog operated well
recently completed and in the process of being attached to tw . pogo ' s well
will be spud in december with an expected 60 day drill & completion time .
they have an optimistic expectation of the production being close to the eog
well - current initial production of 14 mmcf / d , and have plans for additional
drilling in the field area .
cig - a conference call was held with cig on friday to discuss delivery
performance issues of deliveries to the cig / tumbleweed point and the ability
of them to increase their delivery capacity to transwestern . they
explained that cig is currently fully subscribed and operating at maop along
the line which provides deliveries to transwestern , el paso , nng and
sps / nichols . all shippers holding capacity along this line ( capacity 200
mmcf / d ) already have subscribed to long term contracts primarily to el paso
and sps . currently they have no operational capability to provide any more
incremental delivery capabilities to tw at tumbleweed . however , they have
indicated a probable second raton expansion project will be announced march
2001 and have suggested that looping of this southern line could be a
possible outcome of the project which would provide incremental delivery
capacity to transwestern above the current 40 mmcf / d level . i will be having
additional discussions with cig marketing individuals to determine who ,
besides el paso and evergreen , are the primary existing shippers down the
southern portion of cig ' s system in order to potentially get them to realign
their contract to transwestern as a primary delivery point .
expedition of contracting process - per kevin ' s request , i provided him , and
also discussed , several ideas which would streamline and improve the existing
contract processing cycle . the most important and critical recommendation
was to revise the 3 year old et & s discounting policy which bill cordes had
established for both tw and northern . obtaining approval of even a few
simple changes i could recommend to the policy ( applicable only to
transwestern , not nng ) would have an immediate effect of simplying the
officer approval process and would expedite the turn - around time .