Subject: enron in action 12 . 04 . 00
print sale think presents ! today ( 12 / 4 ) you can take advantage of the rice
university art department ' s annual print sale !
from 9 : 00 a . m . to 7 : 00 p . m . , you may visit room 201 at sewall hall on the
rice campus . available items will include
etchings and lithographs by rice university students and faculty , as well as
prints from tembo studios , flatbed
press - austin , and the university of houston printmaking students . artists
services will be present to assist with
your framing needs and all proceeds benefit the art departments of rice
university and the university of houston .
holiday party at the museum of fine arts houston invites all enron employees
to the 14 th annual corporate partners holiday
the mfa ! party to celebrate the partnership of business and the arts . stroll
through exhibitions , sample a selection of delicious
desserts , and enjoy festive holiday entertainment with your family . create
your own holiday craft and have a keepsake
photograph taken of you and your family ! rsvp at 713 - 639 - 7585 and mark your
calendars for :
tuesday , december 12
7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m .
the museum of fine arts - caroline wiess law building
1001 bissonnet
galleryfurniture . com enron is a proud sponsor of the galleryfurniture . com
bowl ! come out and witness the bowl fever as it hits houston
bowl ! on december 27 at the houston astrodome . come watch the big xii
conference face off against conference
usa . all proceeds from ticket sales will go to aids foundation houston
( afh ) investment of a lifetime program ,
which benefits houstonians with life threatening illnesses . for more
information contact greg grissom at
ext . 58741 .
vision fair search is having a vision fair every day this week from 8 : 00
a . m . - noon and needs volunteers for the morning
volunteers ! to take information from clients . no previous screening
experience is necessary . if interested contact stefani harris at
sharris @ searchproject . org .
texas children ' s the department of social work at texas children ' s hospital
is looking for individuals , families , or departments that
hospital sponsorship would be interested in sponsoring needy
families / children for the holiday season . if you would like to sponsor a
family ,
contact veronique vaillancourt at vsvailla @ . org or at
832 - 824 - 1967 .
enron kids gift it ' s time to bring in the wonderful gifts for your special
burrus elementary student . gift dropoff will occur at the enron
drop - off building lobby on december 4 - 8 , from 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . to
volunteer with the gift drop - off , contact geneva
davis ( ext . 35517 ) or lesli campbell ( ext . 35983 ) .
enron kids vans will be provided to transport sponsors beginning at 10 : 00
a . m . in front of the enron building - no reservations
holiday party ! required , first come first served . if you are on a tight
schedule that day , you may want to drive or carpool with friends to
the school . maps and directions will be available at the gift drop - off
tables this week in the lobby .
blood drive over 23 , 040 people need blood each day . . . you can help by donating
blood at the enron blood drive
on thursday , december 7 , from 7 am - 4 pm in eb 5 c 2 . contact the health center
at ext . 3 - 6100 to schedule an
appointment . walk - ins are welcome !
flu vaccine if you would like a flu shot , please email
health _ center @ enron . com . you will be notified by email when the
update vaccine is available .