Subject: email / voice mail retention policy change
e - mail / voice mail retention policy change notice
we have just received notice of a change to the e - mail and voice mail
retention policy . the change will go into effect friday , december 15 , 2000 .
the greatest impact will be to your " sent mail , " which will be retained only
30 days as compared to the current 365 days .
as a reminder , you should not use the email system to store important
documents .
they should be saved to your network directory which is regularly backed up .
however , for ' sent ' messages you want to keep longer than 30 days in the
email system , you should move the messages from the sent mail to a specific
folder where the messages can be kept 365 days .
the scope of the e - mail retention policy includes all forms of electronic
mail , for example , lotus notes mail , internet e - mail , outlook e - mail , and
voice mail .
enron supports a work environment in which information is freely exchanged
and encourages employees , contractors , and agents working on behalf of enron
to use its computers and related electronic resources in accomplishing their
work . computers , systems , and networks and the work products they contain
are enron property and subject to enron review and control . all enron
employees , contractors , and agents are responsible for using the computing
resources provided to them by enron in an appropriate manner .
the revised retention schedule follows :
message location maximum retention
inbox 30 days
message log / sent mail 30 days
trash rollover from inbox for 15 days
bulletin boards 30 days
folders / archives e - mails placed in folders or archives  ) one year
voice mail 90 days
the corp it group responsible for maintaining compliance with this
e - mail / voice mail policy will automatically purge e - mail and voice mail older
than the allowed maximum retention age . any exception to this policy
requires approval from mark haedicke or richard sanders .
if you need assistance in creating folders and saving documents to them ,
please call the ets solution center at 713 - 345 - 4745 . we will be glad to
assist you .
ets solution center