Subject: el paso asked to expand ?
note : did this request really happen this way ? why would the ferc ask one
pipeline to expand and not all of them feeding
the state . what have you all heard ?
ferc asks el paso to expand
a key ferc staffer this week asked el paso natural gas to consider switching
its line 2000 crude - oil conversion from a replacement project to an expansion
of its existing system to ease pipeline capacity constraints to the
california border .
" i am writing to inquire about the feasibility of modifying the . . . project in
a manner which could assist the difficult situation now confronting the
california gas market , " said daniel m . adamson , director of ferc ' s office of
energy projects .
in august , el paso filed an application to acquire an existing 30 - inch
diameter , 1 , 088 - mile crude oil pipeline from plains all american pipeline
l . p . , and convert part of it to natural gas transportation . the line extends
from mccamey , tx , to bakersfield , ca . el paso seeks to convert the 785 - mile
segment from mccamey to ehrenberg , az , to gas . el paso proposed the line 2000
project as a loop line to replace existing compression , and not as a system
expansion .
" it appears that if el paso kept the six . . . compressor stations on the line
and implemented any necessary facility additions and modifications to
integrate the converted line with its existing south system , it may be
possible for el paso to increase its delivery capacity into california , "
adamson said .
he asked el paso to consider this option , given " the current difficult energy
situation there [ in california ] and the consequent need to examine all
possible options for substantive relief " of the situation . " i am interested
in your thoughts on this matter , including the feasibility of such an
expansion , the magnitude of facilities and costs which might be involved , who
would bear those costs , and possible procedural approaches . "
if this " is not a viable option , please indicate whether el paso is
considering other options for system expansion which would enhance gas
transmission capacity into california , " adamson wrote .
- -