Subject: outlook migration details
as we prepare to migrate to microsoft windows 2000 and outlook 2000 , we want
to provide information on outlook . . . the product , the implementation , and
enron ' s email guidelines , in general . microsoft outlook 2000 integrates more
effectively with the windows 2000 operating system and other microsoft
products than does lotus notes . further it provides a more robust mail
platform . additional benefits include the ability to update your hand - held
device from multiple places , and the ability to retrieve your enron e - mail
via a browser .
mail conversion process - you will not lose any mail messages in the
conversion to outlook ! the last 30 days of mail will be converted to
outlook . all other mail messages in your notes database will be available
via a read - only browser - based notes file . the enron e - mail retention policy
described below will apply to all mail files . all information in your
personal address book will be converted to outlook .
notes databases - after the outlook conversion , you will not have notes on
your desktop ; thus , all notes databases will be web - enabled . if you are the
owner of a notes database , you will be contacted soon to schedule the
conversion .
notes archive databases - archiving of mail messages is a violation of the
mail retention policy . no archive database will be supported or converted to
outlook . you will not have access to the file after the conversion .
training - to ensure your successful conversion to outlook 2000 , you will be
required to sign up for and attend a hands - on training class . the class will
consist of an overview of windows 2000 and outlook . you will also receive
brochures and other documentation as you are migrated to outlook .
encrypted mail
encrypted mail messages will not be converted to outlook . if you have any
encrypted messages in your current mail file , we will contact you directly
prior to your conversion .
mailbox size - user mailboxes will be restricted to 100 mb . warnings will be
sent as your mail file reaches 75 mb . after your mail file reaches 100 mb ,
you will no longer be able to send messages .
inbound / outbound mail size limits - the restricted size for both incoming and
outgoing mail is now 10 mb .
email retention policy - below is a copy of the email retention policy . this
policy will be enforced with the outlook implementation .
message location maximum retention
inbox 30 days
message log / sent mail 30 days
trash rollover from inbox for 15 days
bulletin boards 30 days
folders / archives e - mail messages placed in folders / archives
archives all e - mail messages placed in archives will be destroyed after one
year .
your next communication will be shortly before your migration date . if you
have any questions in the meantime , please feel free to call us .
ets solution center at 713 - 345 - 4745
omaha help desk at 402 - 398 - 7454