Subject: relief for earthquake victims in el salvador
on saturday , january 13 , 2001 , an earthquake shook central america . the
earthquake , which had a magnitude of 7 . 6 , was centered off of el salvador ' s
central coast . the death toll is currently at 700 , and the damage has been
estimated at nearly $ 1 billion , nearly half of the country ' s annual budget .
enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take
advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your
donation . enron will match , dollar for dollar , every donation that you make ,
up to $ 15 , 000 annually per employee . listed below are a multitude of
organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake . to
print a matching gift form , please click here and then click on gifts , grants
and giving . please fill out the form and send it with your check to
3 ac - 1409 . we will send the money collected , along with a check from enron
for the same amount , to each of the organizations . please make sure to write
" el salvador " on your check .
if you have any questions , please contact misha siegel via email .
thank you , in advance , for your support !
organizations aiding victims of the earthquake in el salvador :
adventist development and relief agency
american friends service committee
american jewish joint distribution committee
american jewish world service
american red cross
baptist world aid
b ' nai b ' rith international
brothers ' brother foundation
care
catholic medical mission board
catholic relief services
childreach / plan international
christian reformed world relief committee
church world service
concern america
concern worldwide
direct relief international
doctors without borders
international aid
international relief teams
lutheran world relief
map international
mercy corps international
operation usa
oxfam america
presbyterian disaster assistance
project concern international
salvation army world service
save the children
share foundation
united methodist committee on relief
us fund for unicef
world relief , department 3
world vision