Subject: tw bullets 1 / 19
capacity marketing - tw completed two new long - term index - to - index
transportation contracts this week . dynegy executed 35 , 000 mmbtu / d for
calendar year 2003 from san juan to the california border and calpine signed
up for 14 , 000 mmbtu / d under similar terms . in addition , dynegy executed two
short term index - to - index contracts ; one month , 13 , 500 mmbtu / d for november
2001 , and 21 , 500 mmbtu / d for november - december 2002 . both short term
deals are from san juan to california . hedges have been established on all
the contracts to minimize tw ' s price exposure to the market indexes .
in addition , bp / amoco purchased two packages of space at max rates on the
ignacio to blanco route . they purchased 55 , 000 mmbtu / d for calendar 2002 and
20 , 000 mmbtu / d for 2003 . with the exception of a small package of permian
to cal . border in november 2001 , all available firm transportation flowing
west has now been soldout on tw through the end of 2003 .
exxon / nalco enerflow - attended the exxon presentation to operations this
week on the proposed project to inject a drag reducing agent into several
segments along tw ' s system . potential benefits include increasing our
westward volume capacity by 5 % , enhanced compressor efficiencies , and
increased corrosion protection . however , we are still waiting on the final
results of the nng cunningham test segment . due to contamination issues on
the mainline , we will likely begin by coating the 96 miles of san juan
lateral pipe sometime before the second quarter .
transcolorado - tc is evaluating outsourcing its entire back office
operations ( legal , regulatory , accounting , etc . ) plus its marketing
requirements to a third party provider . ets has prepared a draft
qualification statement to be submitted by january 24 . transcolorado hopes
to complete the transaction by late february .
project mckinley ( cal border peak shaving ) - attended the marketing /
operations meeting in long beach this week to discuss the potential of
injecting natural gas liquids into tw ' s system to increase the btu content of
gas going into california . this project has numerous logistic details to be
worked not the least of which is where to site the injection point either
upstream or downstream of needles . other issues include railroad siding , ngl
storage tanks , and possible contamination of downstream facilities . a
follow - up meeting is planned for the end of january .
enron online - tw marketing representatives attended enron online training
this week as we prepare to roll out capacity deals on the east end of tw ' s
system . the plan is to begin selling by february 1 three to five packages
per day of 5 , 000 - 10 , 000 mmbtu / d . as market demand picks up , we will expand
the offerings .
el paso field services - the new interconnect with epfs in eddy county , nm is
behind schedule . we had previously committed to have tw ' s facilities
finished by january 1 , 2001 . on january 18 , epfs notified us that tw has
quite a bit of work left to do before gas can flow . ( among other things , the
row has not yet been secured from the blm in order for the electric poles to
be installed ) .