Subject: india relief effort
on friday , january 26 , 2001 , an earthquake rocked the western region of
india . the earthquake reportedly had a magnitude of 7 . 9 and was centered in
the state of gujarat . initial reports indicate the death toll to be at least
15 , 000 . most of the damage was reported in ahmedabad , the state ' s commercial
center .
enron has a significant business presence in india . it has e & p interests off
the gujarat coast and is the majority owner of the dabhol power project ,
ultimately a 2 , 184 mw ( net ) generating plant , serving consumers in the state
of maharashtra , which borders gujarat to the south . consequently , enron oil
and gas india limited ( eogil ) , enron india and dpc have mobilized staff and
resources in india to tangibly assist the relief effort ( e . g . contributing
emergency medical supplies ) .
enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take
advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your
donation . enron will match , dollar for dollar , every donation that you make ,
up to $ 15 , 000 annually per employee . listed below are a multitude of
organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake . to
print a matching gift form , please click here > and then click on gifts , grants and giving .
please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3 ac - 1409 . we will
send the money collected , along with a check from enron for the same amount ,
to each of the organizations . please make sure to write " india " in the memo
area on your check .
if you have any questions , please contact misha siegel via email .
thank you , in advance , for your support !
organizations aiding victims of the earthquake in india :
adventist development and relief agency
american friends service committee
american jewish joint distribution committee
american jewish world service
american red cross
baptist world aid
b ' nai b ' rith international
brothers ' brother foundation
care
catholic medical mission board
catholic relief services
childreach / plan international
christian reformed world relief committee
church world service
concern america
concern worldwide
direct relief international
doctors without borders
international aid
international relief teams
lutheran world relief
map international
mercy corps international
operation usa
oxfam america
presbyterian disaster assistance
project concern international
salvation army world service
save the children
share foundation
united methodist committee on relief
us fund for unicef
world relief , department 3
world vision