Subject: xms - expense management system availability
concur technologies  , expense management system ( xms ) is now available to all
ets employees . you can prepare your expense report , send it for approval ,
and transmit it for payment using the intranet . it is more " user - friendly "
than the previous excel - based form and efficiently integrates with the sap
accounting system . we request and encourage you to start using it .
system access on the enron intranet :
to access the system , go to the enron transportation services home page and
type " http : / / xms . enron . com " in the " location " field . this will access xms
software .
using the system , once accessed :
logon id
enter your personnel number ( p number ) . if you don ' t know your " p " number ,
your " hr rep . " has it !
password
the first time you log in , the password is upper case enron . the system will
guide you through confirming your personal information and changing your
password . the enron code of ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and
logging on as another person . please observe enron  , s policy .
if you can ' t log in to the system , go to the it central web page from the
enron intranet home page and select " services "
click " security requests " click " erequest " ( or call 713 - 853 - 5536 ) .
other
once " in " , the xms system will help you get set up , including designating
those who will be approving your expense report , and , if applicable , those
who have been designated to prepare your expense report . additionally , there
is a " tour " that you can take to get acquainted with system features .
user guide ! !
hard copy step - by - step documentation is also available from " it central " web
page on the enron intranet .
after getting to " it central " on the enron intranet , click through the
following and you should be there :
" services " , " training " , " documentation " , " xms user ' s guide " ( which will come
up through adobe acrobat ) .
application support services
call the isc help desk at 713 - 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) .
accounting coding
no changes in coding are being implemented as a result of the transition from
the excel template to xms , in fact much of the coding will be " suggested " by
the xms software . you will need a far # , cost center , or wbs elements as
applicable .
good luck ! !