Subject: ibuyit project
i wanted to share some great news with you about a major corporate initiative
within ets , called the ibuyit project , that you should know about and be
looking forward to . ibuyit is a tool that will make it easier for you to
purchase the things you need to get your job done and / or to operate our
business . some key points related to ibuyit are :
? employees at all levels across ets will be able to access ibuyit on their
computers much like the enron intranet . ibuyit provides an upgrade to the
existing b 2 b web - based procurement tool .
? ibuyit will utilize a new catalog system ( requisite ) that will make it
easier for you to identify material items and incorporate them into the
requisition .
? ibuyit will not only make it simple for you to buy on - line , but it can also
serve as your single , convenient source to access other tools and information
you use everyday at enron .
stan horton , rod hayslett , and phil lowry decided back in december that ets
would take the lead by being the first business unit to begin working with
global strategic sourcing ( gss ) , who is developing ibuyit . both field and
houston - based ets employees have been involved with ibuyit efforts to - date to
help determine how ibuyit can best be used to support our employees and our
business . more of you will be involved as the ibuyit project progresses .
ibuyit will be deployed to ets , corporate , ebs , ees , and ews in a phased
approach during the first three quarters of 2001 . starting in april , ibuyit
will be available to certain groups of ets employees for the purchase of
office supplies and travel . ibuyit will be implemented on a full scale
across ets in july .
those of you in engineering may be aware of the ongoing mlrp efforts and may
be wondering about the impact of ibuyit . because of the unique nature of its
business , engineering has decided to continue moving forward with mlrp . but ,
we will also continue to explore ways for ibuyit to complement mlrp and
benefit engineering  , s business .
as the person ultimately responsible for ibuyit  , s success within ets , i
wanted to share my enthusiasm with you as early as possible about ibuyit . in
addition to what i already mentioned , ibuyit strongly supports ets  , s existing
procurement and supply management strategy , will allow the company to save
money by taking advantage of its relationships with preferred suppliers , and
will help us to achieve a greater return on our investments in cutting - edge
technology . as you can tell , there are many strong reasons for all of us
within ets to be excited about ibuyit .
so , stay tuned . you may be asked to actively participate in ibuyit efforts ,
but i guarantee that you will have many opportunities to hear and learn more
about ibuyit in the coming months . you will also have many opportunities to
have your questions answered and opinions heard - starting here . if you have
any questions or comments , simply reply to this e - mail - i will appreciate
hearing from you .
morris brassfield
senior director
operations support services
( 713 ) 646 - 7006