Subject: fw : red rock expansion filing
fyi - we need contracts ! !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : scott , susan
sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 3 : 16 pm
to : lindberg , lorraine
subject : fw : red rock expansion filing
fyi
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : miller , mary kay
sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 3 : 12 pm
to : horton , stan ; mccarty , danny ; lowry , phil ; shafer , john ; harris , steven ; scott , susan ; pavlou , maria ; keller , john
cc : petersen , keith ; martens , donna ; fritch , bret ; campbell , larry
subject : red rock expansion filing
the pre filing meeting was held and went favorable . they did request for us to prepare the draft ea in order for the timing of the certificate to be issued by august lst . they also requested that this draft be submitted within 30 days of filing . we committed that we would have this done . keith has been in contact with larry and john to get this started . we did get them to agree that processing of the application continue while this is being prepared . this was the only real issue that arose related to the processing of the application and they did not indicate any concern with the data we have for the filing .
in addition , they indicated that they " hoped we did not have any spillage of the indicated shipper issues related to the open season " similar to what they just filed in tw . we indicated that we did not feel there should be any protests . i would like to get a copy of the " open season " posting to have available for any response if they do protest . they also asked whether we would be filing the agreements when they are entered into . it became apparent , that in order for them to expedite as related to california , we need to have contracts showing that a market in calif or arizona does desire the capacity .
a question arose on what we were doing with the current units and whether they were old - we indicated they would be placed in salvage at the station , cut and capped . we did request the ability to place each unit in service as they were completed and we didn ' t get any objection , in fact they referred to this being done on nbpl .
as a high note , bob arveland , asked when tw became part of enron - - - - we said since there was an enron . i guess this was news to him ,
thanks to everyone on helping get this done , now we just need to finish the reports , get them filed and keep the protestors at bay .
mary kay