Subject: bullets 3 - 30
capacity marketing
pg & e trading has re - aligned several transport contracts including a pre - arranged capacity release deal with texaco for june - october . pg they have chosen to re - deliver the gas to citizens , east of the cal border .
short term april capacity deals
el paso field services - epfs would like to deliver another 50 , 000 mmbtu / d to tw ' s west texas lateral as early as may 1 through the new eddy county , nm interconnect . tw informed them that at this point we will decline to share in the cost of expanding the interconnect .
agave - agave and duke have for regulatory reasons chosen not take gas off the lec 10 " and redeliver to the crawford lateral . their counsel informs them they stand the risk of making their gathering systems ferc jurisdictional pipelines .
ngpl - met with business development reps this week to discuss the various interconnects between ngpl and tw ' s east system . ngpl is conducting an open season on expanding the takeaway capacity on their line from the marathon indian basin plant . ngpl needs to add 6 , 000 hp of mainline compression plus a 1 , 000 hp booster compressor to access tw ' s high pressure system . this additional horsepower would only bring an estimated 42 , 000 mmbtu / d incremental to tw . based on the cost , ngpl has proposed tw paying for the booster compressor . facility planning is evaluating this cost plus possibly sizing a larger booster to see if we can gain additional throughput capability on the west texas lateral .
ferc negotiated rate filings - in our negotiated rate proceeding , the commission issued a section 5 " show cause " order . tw must , within 10 days of the order , show cause why its actions in offering the negotiated rate contracts ( reliant , richardson , bp , sempra , astra ) were not in contravention of commission policy . tw must explain the availability of firm capacity on tw ' s system , and how it has the firm capacity to move gas under the transactions under investigation , yet provide recourse service without interruption .
red rock expansion - the project documentation was filed at ferc on thursday march 29 .
caithness - the project developers for the big sandy generation project near wickieup , az informed us this week they would like a budget quality cost estimate for tying the power plant exclusively to tw . caithness will install the approximately 40 miles of line to reach tw . they projected in - service date for the plant is august 2003 . phase 1 will consume 80 , 000 mmbtu / d , phase 2 will take an incremental 40 , 000 mmbtu / d .