Subject: re : red rock posting - - urgent
as i discussed with the commercial group , it is very difficult to post a minimum npv because it depends not only on the term but on other assumptions in james ' chart as well . ( steve can shed some more light on this if you see him at keyex ) .
so i ' ve recommended that we discuss with individual shippers what there needs might be as far as term , then give them a number . they were planning on calling shippers individually anyway to make them aware of the needles space .
we can use our chart as a go - by so everyone gets treated the same .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : fossum , drew
sent : thursday , april 12 , 2001 12 : 24 am
to : harris , steven ; scott , susan
cc : miller , mary kay ; lindberg , lorraine ; fawcett , jeffery ; hyatt , kevin ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; pavlou , maria
subject : re : red rock posting - - urgent
we need to clear up the " minimum bid " issue and this posting would be a good place to do that . can we put in a new sentence setting out the minimum npv bid ? we need to create a paper trail on this issue in order to be able to fully respond to bp . we have been telling customers orally what the minimum dollar value per dth is , right ( i . e . , the 15 yr $ . 36 , 10 yr $ . 45 and 5 yr $ . 60 or whatever it was , right ) ? mkm do you agree ? df
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : harris , steven
sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 8 : 29 am
to : scott , susan
cc : miller , mary kay ; fossum , drew ; lindberg , lorraine ; fawcett , jeffery ; hyatt , kevin ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk
subject : re : red rock posting - - urgent
susan , this looks fine to me .
from : susan scott / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 10 / 2001 05 : 03 pm
to : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum / enron @ enronxgate , steven harris / et deletions are crossed out .
the purpose of the revisions is to announce the availability ( potentially ) of needles space , set a deadline for bidding ( in anticipation of a stampede for the needles space ) , state that bids will be evaluated on highest npv , and to specify a pro rata allocation method . if you see any problems with this posting , please call me as soon as possible .
>