Subject: re : fw : fw : wild goose open season package
what would be the opportunity ? how would we use it ?
from : michelle lokay / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 08 : 01 am
to : kevin hyatt / enron @ enronxgate , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : fw : fw : wild goose open season package
does mavrix want to participate ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : miller , kent
sent : sunday , april 15 , 2001 5 : 00 pm
to : lokay , michelle
subject : re : fw : wild goose open season package
michelle ,
have you done the " math " to see what the full cycle rate is for this facility ? is tw thinking about submitting a bid on this service ?
kent
from : michelle lokay / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 12 / 2001 08 : 40 am
to : kent miller / et angela jones ; angela jones ( e - mail ) ; barry brunelle ( e - mail ) ; bill collier ; bill fagan ( e - mail ) ; bill wood ; brad barnds ( e - mail ) ; brent balog ; brent rook ( e - mail ) ; carole poulter ; cathy bulf ; chris kiriakou ; chris price ( e - mail ) ; colin coe ( e - mail ) ; dan thomas ; daniel kramer ; dave clare ( e - mail ) ; dave jones ( e - mail ) ; dave kohler ( e - mail ) ; david ellis ( e - mail ) ; david kuhn ; david schnake ; david swapp ; denette johnson ( e - mail ) ; denis st . jean ; don clements ( e - mail ) ; dorothy rothrock ; ed brewer ( e - mail ) ; ed yates ; edward miller ; elena schmid ; erin mullane ; frank ermis ( e - mail ) ; gary collins ; gary kline ( e - mail ) ; gary venz ( e - mail ) ; greg salyer ; gwoon tom ( e - mail ) ; janet aery ; jason sandmaier ( e - mail ) ; jay cattermole ; jim harlan ; jim lynch ; joe heller ( e - mail ) ; joe holmes ; john emley ; joseph sestak ( e - mail ) ; junona jonas ; karen jarrell ; katie elder ; ken bradley ; ken downey ; ken peck ; kevin coyle ( e - mail ) ; kevin legg ( e - mail ) ; " kirk ketcherside ( e - mail ) " ; es . net @ mailman . enron . com ; kirk kittleson ; kirk morgan ; kirk stone ; koko cordova ; lorelei reid ( e - mail ) ; lynn dahlberg ; mark baldwin ( e - mail ) ; marshall clark ; marty mcfadden ; matt gravelle ; micael rochman ; michael d ' arienzo ; michael shoemaker ( e - mail ) ; lokay , michelle ; mike beckner ( e - mail ) ; monica padilla ( e - mail ) ; nathan reinhardt ( e - mail ) ; pat abercrombie ( e - mail ) ; pat keener ; patrick mulhern ; paul amirault ; paul gendron ( e - mail ) ; paul wood ; peter lund ; phil richardson ; ray mccluer ( e - mail ) ; richard stone ; sandra henry ; scott w . walton ( e - mail ) ; stan hemmeline ; stephanie katz ; stephen j . swain ( e - mail ) ; steve izarry ; south , steven ; sue gustofson ; susan jones ( e - mail ) ; pollan , sylvia ; teresa murray ; terry stringer ; thomas hannigan ; todd slawson ; tom lee ; tom toerner ( e - mail ) ; trista berkovitz ( e - mail ) ; troy w . brothers ( e - mail ) ; valdez ; weaman ng ( e - mail )
subject : wild goose open season package
expansion firm base load storage ( " bls " ) service open season
wild goose storage inc . is planning to expand its facility located in butte
county in northern california and connected to pg & e for service commencing
as early as april 1 , 2003 . this expansion could increase the facility
capacities as follows :
existing capacity capacity following
expansion
working gas volume 14 bcf 38
bcf
maximum injection rate 80 mmcfd 450 mmcfd
maximum withdrawal rate 200 mmcfd 650 mmcfd
this open season provides for an in - service date commencing april 1 , 2004
and an opportunity to participate in an " early service option " which could
have service available by april 1 , 2003 . the in - service date is subject to
cpuc approval by september 1 , 2002 and the successful completion of new
facility construction .
customer offers are required by 2 : 00 pm mst , tuesday may 22 , 2001
customer offers must be reasonably open for acceptance by wild goose storage
inc . until 2 : 00 pm mst , wednesday june 20 , 2001 subject only to significant
changes in market conditions and final approval of customer ' s management .
preference for offer acceptance will be toward longer - term contracts
( greater than 5 years ) and offers , which exceed 100 % of our rack rate . the
offer sheets are provided in microsoft excel and are set up to calculate the
percentage of rack rate for your convenience . it is the intent of wild goose
storage inc . to negotiate and conclude contracts with the participants
providing acceptable offers in this open season as close as possible to june
20 , 2001 . wild goose will announce to all contracted participants whether it
will proceed with the expansion in early august 2001 . wild goose storage
inc . reserves the right to not necessarily accept the highest priced offer
nor to award all or any of the storage capacity available .
a reasonable summary of the main terms and features of bls service is
attached for your convenience ( attached file - bls summary ) , but should not
be used as the sole terms by which service is to be provided . all service is
subject to the tariff schedules for natural gas storage service of wild
goose storage inc . , as approved by the public utilities commission of the
state of california .
for more information about wild goose storage inc . or to download a copy of
the entire tariff please refer to our web site at www . wildgoose - storage . com .
customer offers must include the following :
a ) completed offer forms ( attached file - offer sheets ) for each period of
service including :
* the amount of inventory capacity required for each april to march
period during the term
* the amount of maximum daily injection quantity required by month
during the term
* the amount of maximum daily withdrawal quantity required by month
during the term
* the total storage demand charge for each april to march period
during the term
* the injection commodity rate for each april to march period during
the term
* the withdrawal commodity rate for each april to march period during
the term
* a signature from an authorized employee of the company verifying the
offer
in the ' offer sheets ' file attachment you will find the following tabs at
the bottom :
* an offer sheet in excel format
* a manual offer sheet which can be printed out and filled in by hand
* an example offer
b ) an executed storage services agreement ( attached file - storage services
agreement ) unless your company already has one on file with wild goose
storage inc .
early service option
once wild goose storage inc . gives notice in early august 2001 to proceed
with the expansion , every effort will be made to complete construction as
early as possible . notice will be given by november 1 , 2002 if service will
be available earlier than april 1 , 2004 . all contracted participants will
have the right , but not the obligation , to amend their contracts to the
earlier term start date and add this additional service to their existing
contracts at the same fees negotiated for the first year of service
commencing april 1 , 2004 .
rack rates
our rates are ' market based ' meaning they are fully negotiable , but
our ' rack rates ' are as follows :
monthly storage demand charges
* inventory ( $ / dth ) $ 0 . 03
* injection ( $ / dth / day ) $ 3 . 00
* withdrawal ( $ / dth / day ) $ 2 . 00
variable charges
* injection commodity rate ( $ / dth ) $ 0 . 02
* withdrawal commodity rate ( $ / dth ) $ 0 . 02
fuel charges
in addition to the demand and variable charges described above , fuel costs
are also charged based on actual consumption by customer and the value of
the gas on a daily basis . fuel consumption is expected to be between 1 . 25 to
1 . 75 % . for details , please refer to the wild goose tariff .
if you have any questions about this matter or need hard copies , please
contact either ben ledene with wild goose in calgary at ( 403 ) 266 - 8192 or
chris price and mark baldwin with interstate gas services in california at
( 925 ) 243 - 0350 .
> > > >
- bls summary . doc
- expansion offer sheet . xls
- storage services agreement . doc
- wild goose expansion open season . doc