Subject: fw : even for you
hope you are all doing well .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : schulle , barbara [ mailto : bschulle @ utilicorp . com ]
sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 12 : 43 pm
to : amiee hemenway ( e - mail ) ; barbara pickard ( e - mail ) ; bonnie v .
hitschel ( e - mail ) ; carol taylor ( e - mail ) ; juanita agietos ( e - mail ) ; kim
p . tran ( e - mail ) ; lisa garcia ( e - mail ) ; nawanda fuller ( e - mail ) ; shirley
isbell ( e - mail )
subject : fw : even for you
because in some ways , you have these traits and must
do these things as well .
mother ' s day
if you send this to just one person , it should make it
all the way around
by mother ' s day .
this is for all the mothers who have sat up all night
with sick toddlers
in their arms , wiping up barf laced with oscar mayer
wieners and cherry
kool - aid saying , " it ' s ok honey , mommy ' s here . "
who walk around the house all night with their babies
when they keep
crying and won ' t stop .
this is for all the mothers who show up at work with
spit - up in their
hair and milk stains on their blouses and diapers in
their purse .
for all the mothers who run carpools and make cookies
and sew halloween
costumes . and all the mothers who don ' t .
this is for the mothers who gave birth to babies
they ' ll never see . and
the mothers who took those babies and gave them homes .
this is for all the mothers who froze their buns off
on metal bleachers
at football or soccer games friday night instead of
watching from cars , so
that when their kids asked , " did you see me ? " they
could say , " of course , i
wouldn ' t have missed it for the world , " and mean it .
this is for all the mothers who yell at their kids in
the grocery store
and swat them in despair when they stomp their feet
like a tired 2 - year old
who wants ice cream before dinner .
this is for all the mothers who sat down with their
children and
explained all about making babies . and for all the
mothers who wanted to but just couldn ' t .
for all the mothers who read " goodnight , moon " twice a
night for a year .
and then read it again . " just one more time . "
this is for all the mothers who taught their children
to tie their
shoelaces before they started school . and for all the
mothers who opted for velcro instead .
this is for all the mothers who teach their sons to
cook and their
daughters to sink a jump shot .
this is for all mothers whose heads turn automatically
when a little
voice calls " mom ? " in a crowd , even though they know
their own off spring are at home .
this is for all the mothers who sent their kids to
school with stomach
aches , assuring them they ' d be just fine once they got
there , only to get
calls from the school nurse an hour later asking them
to please pick them
up . right away .
this is for mothers whose children have gone astray ,
who can ' t find the
words to reach them .
for all the mothers who bite their lips sometimes
until they bleed when
their 14 year olds dye their hair green .
what makes a good mother anyway ?
is it patience ?
compassion ?
broad hips ?
the ability to nurse a baby , cook dinner , and sew a
button on a shirt ,
all at the same time ?
or is it heart ? is it the ache you feel when you watch
your son or
daughter disappear down the street , walking to school
alone for the very first
time ?
the jolt that takes you from sleep to dread , from bed
to crib at 2 a . m .
to put your hand on the back of a sleeping baby ?
the need to flee from wherever you are and hug your
child when you hear
news of a fire , a car accident , a child dying ?
for all the mothers of the victims of all these school
shootings , and the
mothers of those who did the shooting . for the mothers
of the survivors ,
and the mothers who sat in front of their tvs in
horror , hugging their child
who just came home from school , safely .
this is for mothers who put pinwheels and teddy bears
on their children ' s
graves .
this is for young mothers stumbling through diaper
changes and sleep
deprivation .
and mature mothers learning to let go .
for working mothers and stay - at - home mothers .
single mothers and married mothers .
mothers with money , mothers without .
this is for you all .
so hang in there .
please pass along to all the mom ' s in your life .
" home is what catches you when you fall - and we all
fall . "
please pass this to all the wonderful mothers you
know .
( i just did )
do you yahoo ! ?
yahoo ! auctions - buy the things you want at great prices http : / / auctions . yahoo . com /