Subject: re : capacity posting procedures
pursuant to our meeting , i was to check the posting timelines to see if we could make the 1 day category , include 5 months or less rather than less than 5 months . based on a recent decision ( march 16 , 2001 ) in columbia gas transmission co , i think we can . in columbia , the commission approved columbia ' s proposal to establish an interactive auction process in which firm capacity available for less than one year would be posted for an initial one hour period from 7 : 00 am to 8 : 00 a . m . capacity offered for one year or more would be subject to an initial posting period of 5 days . this indicates movement by the commission to much shorter posting periods for capacity available for less than one year . i think we can modify our procedures to include up to 5 months in the 1 day posting category . however , we may want to consider combining the 3 day category and 1 day category into one 1 day category for capacity offered for less than one year . in addition , for capacity offered for one year or more , columbia will advertise a proposed offer on its ebb one day prior to the five - day posting of the capacity . ( this supports a special posting in advance . ) although it is good to have these internal procedures , what is important to the commission is that pipeline tariffs set forth specific procedures regarding the availability of capacity .
the columbia order also gave guidance on when a pipeline has to accept a bid for max rates . columbia proposed that it not be required to sell capacity to shippers bidding the maximum rate for a term of less than 12 months until one day prior to the commencement of gas flow detailed in the auction package . the commission rejected this in favor of the industrials ' proposal : beginning 30 days before the capacity is available for service , columbia must accept bids at the max rate for a term of five months to less than 12 months . beginning seven days before the capacity is available , columbia must accept maximum rate bids for terms of more than one month to less tha 5 months . columbia must accept maximum rate bids for a term of one month or less one day before gas flows .
thanks , maria
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hass , glen
sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 4 : 32 pm
to : harris , steven ; miller , mary kay ; fossum , drew ; dornan , dari ; pavlou , maria ; pryor , tony ; donoho , lindy ; watson , kimberly ; darveaux , mary ; fawcett , jeffery ; lokay , michelle ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; kirk , steve ; paladino , ranelle
subject : capacity posting procedures
attached for your review is a redlined draft of tw ' s capacity posting procedure including changes suggested at our meeting yesterday . one remaining item is to decide whether capacity available for " less than 5 months " or " 5 months or less " will be designated as 1 day postings . please review and advise if you have any additional comments . thanks .
gh
>