Subject: re : open enrollment for enron kids ' center is underway ! ! !
michelle ,
thank you for your interest in our child care center ! we do still have openings in our pre - school class at this time . if you are interested in obtaining an application , you can either pick one up from me at ebl 633 d or let me send one to you via intercompany mail . let me know either way .
regards ,
charla
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lokay , michelle
sent : tuesday , june 12 , 2001 2 : 09 pm
to : stuart , charla
subject : re : open enrollment for enron kids ' center is underway ! ! !
i wanted to get additional information . my daughter will be 3 this august . is there an opening for that class ? if not , how long is the waiting list ? thanks .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : enron announcements / corp / enron @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - enron + 20 announcements _ corp _ enron + 40 enron @ enron . com ] on behalf of charla stuart - ( director of community relations ) @ enron
sent : sunday , june 10 , 2001 5 : 36 pm
to : all enron houston @ enron
subject : open enrollment for enron kids ' center is underway ! ! !
to : all eligible enron employees in houston
from : charla stuart
date : monday , june 11 , 2001
re : open enrollment for enron kids ' center is underway ! ! !
open enrollment for enron kids ' center is underway ! ! !
want to be closer to your child during the workday ? want to read to them at lunchtime or just give them a hug ? then consider enrolling your child in the enron kids ' center .
enron kids ' center child care facility is currently under construction and will be located on louisiana street , across from our corporate headquarters in houston . enron is partnering with knowledge beginnings , one of the leaders in the child care industry , to provide high quality , conveniently located , customer service - oriented childcare for enron employees in houston .
anticipated opening date : september 2001
hours of operation : the center will be open monday through friday from 7 : 00 am - 6 : 30 pm . the center will be closed on all enron holidays . in addition , special " parents ' night out " care will be offered for occasions such as holiday shopping and night out at the movies for an additional fee .
complete meal service : your child ' s breakfast , lunch and two snacks are included in tuition . infants will need to bring their own food until they are ready for " table food " .
eligibility : regular full - time or part - time enron employees who are the parents or legal guardians of the child or children named on the application are eligible to enroll their children in the center . temporary employees , contract workers and non - custodial parents are not eligible to enroll their children in the child development center .
contact information : visit http : / / enronkids . enron . com to learn more about enron kids ' center or contact knowledge
beginnings at 1 - 877 - childhood ( between 8 : 00 am - 5 : 00 p . m . pst ) .