Subject: re : enron efforts to the flood victims
thank you for e - mailing me . please call x . 3 - 7181 and leave a message . you will be contacted as soon as possible with more information about enron ' s employee assistance program .
i am sorry to hear that you suffered flood damage and wish you a speedy recovery .
missy
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lokay , michelle
sent : tuesday , june 12 , 2001 1 : 48 pm
to : stevens , missy ; milligan , jennifer
subject : re : enron efforts to the flood victims
julie suggested i send you guys an email . please add my name on the list of enron employees that were affected by the recent flood . thanks .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : armstrong , julie
sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 10 : 09 am
to : harris , steven ; gadd , eric ; hayes , robert ; kilmer iii , robert ; miller , mary ; neubauer , dave ; stage , michael g . ; mccarty , danny ; burleson , bob ; mccarran , penny ; weller , steve ; powell , don ; millar , john ; hyatt , kevin ; fawcett , jeffery ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; lindberg , lorraine ; watson , kimberly
cc : robertson , audrey ; wadle , susan ; salinas , marian ; paschal , zelda ; solon , sharon ; cappiello , deborah ; hook , connie ; wehring , linda ; jennifer milligan / hou / ect @ enron
subject : enron efforts to the flood victims
i hope this email finds all of you high and dry . however , many people were not as fortunate .
community affairs is taking a count of enron employees that were displaced or affected by the flood . please email me or call me at x 33597 if you were affected .
if you want to make a monetary donation to the red cross or any other agency , i am pleased to report that the enron matching gift program has been expanded to match your donation .
enron is looking into other avenues to assist the victims but , we need to hear from you first . please email me or call me if you or a fellow employee has been affected .
enron will be making determinations based on this information and how to proceed and assist the victims .
i can be reached at x 33597 if you have any questions .