Subject: enron cost savings guidelines
effective , july 1 , 2001 , a number of measures and recommendations were implemented to reduce costs associated with travel , entertainment and professional services throughout enron . as ets employees , it is our responsibility to follow the enron - wide cost - savings guidelines below :
travel and business expenses
? air travel - reducing air transportation costs is enron ' s top priority . please take advantage of enron ' s negotiated discounted airline fares by using clicktrip , the enron - managed online travel booking service , located at . although use of travel agency in the park ( " tap " ) or the global strategic sourcing ( gss ) - approved preferred travel agency for your location are still available , clicktrip is the tool we should all use .
clicktrip provides employees easy access to all travel and pricing options for their destination ( excluding proprietary carriers ) and assists employees in making the most cost - effective travel decisions by providing the most current information . in addition to bringing an estimated savings of 20 % , clicktrip is easy to use and is accessible 24 hours a day from any internet - enabled personal computer . after - hours telephone support is also available .
when making travel reservations , please purchase non - refundable coach tickets when flying in the u . s . , for these tickets can cost up to 65 % less than refundable tickets and can usually be changed , if necessary , for a $ 100 fee .
? lodging and car rental - gss has negotiated preferred rates at a number of worldwide hotel chains , as well as with national and alamo car rental companies . for more detailed information , please visit .
? on - line expense reporting - all requests for reimbursement of business - related expenses should be made through xms , the new on - line expense account reporting tool . please access xms at .
? off - site meetings - to schedule off - site meetings and events for more than 10 people , please contact tracy ramsey , gss director , travel and transportation services portfolio team at ( 713 ) 646 - 8311 .
for information on all travel services , please contact tracy ramsey at ( 713 ) 646 - 8311 .
professional services
to better leverage enron ' s purchasing power , all new professional service expenditure arrangements including legal , financial , accounting , engineering , information technology and others , and those due for renewal , must be negotiated through , or in consultation with , gss . contracts for more than $ 5 , 000 must be pre - approved by both gss and ets . prior to engaging gss , please submit all service requisition forms to rod hayslett , danny mccarty , phil lowry or me for business unit approval .
to comply with the professional service procedure , a professional services requisition form must be completed . this requisition can be accessed on - line at , or by contacting ron l . smith , gss director , administrative and indirect services portfolio team at ( 713 ) 345 - 6329 .
additional information about enron ' s cost - saving initiative will be on etv , in ebiz and enron business , as well as in information booths in the enron building .
as we all work together to reduce costs across enron , please forward additional cost - saving ideas to .
if you have additional questions , please contact derryl cleaveland , gss senior director of operations , at ( 713 ) 646 - 7024 .
stan