Subject: united way 2001 - team ets
this year ' s enron united way campaign kicked off last week with leadership giving . the company - wide campaign along with week of caring kicks off on august 6 . ets ' day of caring is on august 9 at the harboch ripley center in southeast houston . please contact kimberly nelson to volunteer for a morning or afternoon shift at ets ' day of caring .
to celebrate a successful campaign and week of caring , an employee appreciation lunch will be held on friday , august 10 , at 11 : 00 am at antioch park across the street from the enron building . in correlation with this year ' s united way campaign theme , " building houston ' s future , " and in the true spirit of enron , there will be a building competition among the business units at the lunch .
each business unit will form a team and build something with building blocks at the august 10 appreciation event .
rod hayslett , phil lowry and i will lead team ets . to form the rest of team ets , we thought it would be fun to have a little contest .
here ' s the contest : correctly answer all of the questions in the link below by wednesday , august 1 , at 5 pm , and your name will be entered into a drawing . no late entries will be accepted .
we ' ll draw 7 names from the entries received and if your name is drawn , you will be an official member of team ets and help build the most incredible structure imaginable with me , rod and phil . we ' ll announce the lucky winners on thursday , august 2 .
at the august 10 celebration , all of the business unit building block structures will be built and judged based on enron ' s attributes - smart , innovative , bold , ambitious , and united . ken lay will host the applause meter and the business unit with the greatest amount of applause will win . we need all of our ets employees outside cheering on team ets . free lunch is included in the deal as well .
let ' s have some fun with this ! with your help , enron and united way will be successful at building houston ' s future .
good luck !
stan
website link - please call kimberly nelson ( x 33580 ) with questions
