Subject: nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting
saddle up for nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting
" deep in the heart of texas "
september 9 - 11 , 2001
hyatt regency hill country resort
san antonio , texas
advance registration deadline
august 17 , 2001
sign up today to save $ 100 . 00
attached below for your review is the annual meeting brochure . you will
need adobe acrobat to view the brochure , which you can download from our web
site at www . nesanet . org . if you have problems
with the attached file please , contact nesa / hea headquarters at ( 713 )
856 - 6525 and we will be happy to forward the brochure via fax or mail .
lodging rate at the hyatt regency hill country resort is $ 201 . 00 single /
double . the hyatt has a limited block of rooms available for nesa / hea
members and guests - call ( 210 ) 647 - 1234 to make your reservation today ! be
sure to mention that you are a delegate of nesa / hea ' s annual meeting to
receive discounted rates .
cash prizes will be awarded to the winners of nesa / hea ' s 18 - hole scramble
golf tournament ! $ 100 per person for the first place team , $ 75 per person
for the second place team and $ 50 per person for the third place team .
additionally , $ 100 per person for competition holes ( closest - to - the - pin and
longest drive for men and women ) will be awarded . the tournament will take
place on monday , september 10 on the links at the hyatt regency hill country
resort .
airport shuttles can be arranged through worldtrans at hyatt hill country
resort . cost is $ 20 . 00 per person each way . for additional information
please call ( 210 ) 520 - 4083 .
we hope that you take this opportunity to meet with your colleagues and
customers in this relaxing yet professional environment to exchange ideas on
matter of importance covering a broad spectrum of subjects . the annual
meeting agenda includes timely issues presented by knowledgeable industry
leaders who will discuss formidable and thought provoking issues affecting
the industry today . attached below in an excel ' 97 worksheet is the advance
delegate registration list to date - join these delegates in september at
nesa / hea ' s annual meeting !
> >
to unsubscribe from the nesa / hea member email blast list please respond to
this email with the word unsubscribe typed into the subject field . this
will preclude you from receiving any email blasts in the future , but hard
copies of the material will be sent to your attention .