Subject: re : hi !
hey ! good to hear from you . yes , it is sad about randa but we are all
thinking about her and praying for her . i hope she found a job by now - i
think she was laid off during lq lay offs ! her husband is still working
her , so that is good at least one of them still has a job at least .
meghan - i forgot her name already ! i bet she is a cutie . i just saw my
niece in colorado springs - it was her 3 rd birthday this past sunday so i
got to celebrate it with her . we had a party for her and i don ' t think i
saw so many 2 and 3 year olds in my life ! they kept wanting to eat
something - anything . are kids always that hungry ? it was hilarious . i
can ' t believe she is talking in complete sentences either . i ' m shocked at
how time really flies by . yes , it seems just like yesterday she was born .
i think that is neat that kellyn ( my niece ) and meghan are close in age .
i ' ll have to be sure to remember that !
no huge vacations for us . . my husband and i bought a house in magnolia may
2000 - 1 month before i got laid off - so all our money has been going into
the house for the past year . i bet you didn ' t know about it because i don ' t
think they gave me a chance to say goodbye to anyone when they let us go .
i ' m wondering , did you even know i got laid off ? i can ' t remember anymore .
its been such a long time . besides the colorado trip i just took , we are
going to connecticut next week for my husband ' s family reunion , so it will
be nice to be in cool weather again . how about you guys ? are you still the
jetsetters of houston ?
i know we probably won ' t see each other but marilyn and i talk about you
once in a while and how much fun and interesting you were . if ever you are
in the neighborhood , please give us a call and we would love to see you ,
okay ? take care .
poli shachov
ga & p marcom
281 - 514 - 4480
" professionals built the titanic . amateurs built the ark . "
- unknown
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lokay , michelle [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ]
sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 2 : 16 pm
to : shachov , poli
subject : re : hi !
hi ,
i am doing terrific ! i would have written sooner , but i just got back
from a business trip .
i do miss the old lunch gang . . . how are things going ? which group are
you guys in now ? randa told me she had received a severance package and
is currently looking for a job . sounds like a lot of people have
left . . .
thanks for asking about meghan ( that ' s so sweet ) . can you believe she
is about to turn 3 in a couple of weeks ? ! ? ! how ' s your niece , the one
that is the same age ? doesn ' t it seem like just yesterday that she was
born ?
have you guys been on more terrific vacations ? email me details . . . talk
soon !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shachov , poli [ mailto : poli . shachov @ compaq . com ]
sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 3 : 20 pm
to : lokay , michelle
subject : hi !
remember me ? marilyn rice and i were talking about our old group and
your
name came up . we are both wondering how you are so i decided to shoot
you
an email . we would love to hear how you are and how you little girl is
doing , etc .
we miss seeing you ! take care - ps
poli shachov
ga & p marcom
281 - 514 - 4480
" professionals built the titanic . amateurs built the ark . "
- unknown
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or
authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply
to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all
copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not
intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its
affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise .
thank you .
