Subject: enron policies on equal employment , harassment prevention and fair
treatment
management and employees both have roles in meeting enron ' s commitment to equal employment opportunity , and harassment prevention . to achieve enron ' s vision , we need to recruit , select , retain , and manage the most talented people effectively . we expect all employees to demonstrate enron ' s values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence in the workplace . our efforts to achieve equal employment , and prevent harassment for all employees will guide us towards ensuring that each employee and organization is as productive , inventive , and competitive as possible in a world of changes .
enron is an equal employment opportunity ( eeo ) employer . in choosing to do business with federal , state , and city government agencies , enron implements affirmative action plans ( aap ) to recruit , retain , and promote women , minorities , individuals with disabilities , and covered veterans . our efforts are inclusive and based on sound business practices , individual qualifications and merit . employee and management conduct is expected to be inclusive and equitable in all aspects of the workplace , including recruitment , applicant screening , hiring , training , assignments , compensation , benefits , job performance evaluation , disciplinary action , separation , and the like . there is no place at enron for management practices that include bias , favoritism , discrimination , harassment , or conduct that otherwise violates the law or company policy .
enron ' s harassment prevention policy was developed to prevent harassment and help all employees to maintain a productive and mutually rewarding work relationship . harassment of any type , including sexual harassment , is contrary to our policy and preventable with education and respectful personal behavior . we want all employees to know what harassment is , how to prevent it and how to report it . our policy outlines these unacceptable behaviors and helps employees better understand work - related expectations and steps . every employee at enron is expected to prevent harassment and report it if it happens .
enron ' s fair treatment policy was developed to provide and maintain a work environment in which all employees are treated equitably . our goal is to resolve employment disputes promptly , informally and ( where possible ) at the lowest level . employees who believe they are treated unfairly are encouraged to discuss the matter with their immediate supervisor . when a concern of unfair , unlawful or unsafe treatment is raised , it will be investigated thoroughly and promptly . an effective resolution will be reached based on all the information . the company will take reasonable steps to ensure confidentiality , but must act on assertions indicating that a violation of policy or law has occurred .
each of these policies is available for review at http : / / home . enron . com / resources . please familiarize yourself with these policies . enron expects and encourages every worker to report workplace issues of concern . if you need to speak with anyone someone regarding these policies or if an incident occurs that concerns you , please talk with your supervisor , contact your human resources representative , or call enron ' s office of labor and employment relations department at 713 - 853 - 7573 . management is expected to ensure retaliation does not occur . in addition , cindy olson , as is enron ' s eeo officer . as and executive vice president of human resources and community relations , cindy has the responsibility , authority , and full support of enron to ensure that all employees can avail themselves of our policies .
your support of respectful workplace relationships adds to a productive and rewarding work environment . in turn , such personal and organizational success adds to enron ' s business success .
thank you .