Subject: re : sj pipe settling
steve ,
darrell informed burlington late on friday that we will have an unplanned outage next week for two days . we will talk with their commercial folks on monday morning to make sure that they are in the loop . we anticipate that we can be back online by september business so burlington can proceed ahead with their september business as usual . we will also talk with the other sj players to help fill the gap so that we can maintain 800 , 000 mmbtu / d down the lateral while burlington is down .
thanks , kim .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : roensch , david
sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 5 : 28 pm
to : harris , steven
cc : watson , kimberly
subject : re : sj pipe settling
the effect will be to the burlington ( low pressure ) system only . we can still flow 800 mmcfd down the lateral , we will just need to make up the low pressure volumes recieved from burlington through the high pressure customers . i ' ve discussed with darryl . . . .
today burlington is flowing approximately 130 mmcfd . limited to 800 mmcfd down the lateral due to gallups condition .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david roensch / et & s / enron on 08 / 24 / 2001 04 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : steven harris / enron @ enronxgate on 08 / 24 / 2001 06 : 08 pm cdt
to : david roensch / et chanley , earl ; spalding , norm ; rance , byron ; eisenstein , arnold l . ; rice , randy ; stephens , ld ; schoolcraft , darrell ; january , steven ; watson , kimberly ; san - juan , team ; gormley , john ; delossantos , ernie ; fajardo , leo ; mccracken , mike ; asante , ben ; matthews , ron ; osborn , roger ; gottsponer , morgan ; mcilwain , greg
cc : lowry , phil ; harris , steven ; soldano , louis ; keller , john r . ; david l johnson / ots / enron @ enron ; shafer , john
subject : sj pipe settling
importance : high
a conf . call has been set up for monday morning 9 : 00 a . m . cst to discuss a force majeure situation on the # 3 unit at the san juan compressor station . 877 - 795 - 3687 pin 475577
overview : ( for those uninvolved to date )
in a walk through of the san juan station with the team thursday evening 8 / 16 it was noted that severe settling issues on yard piping existed . the team had been working with engineering on developing an action plan to address over the last several months . upon a visual inspection we requested that the team contact a local contractor and have the pipe cover ( dirt ) removed immediately to allow the piping to relieve itself . this would provide the necessary time to follow up with engineering and attain feedback on the status of the project and implement remedies . the team had a contractor on location the following monday 8 / 20 , and work removing the cover was completed this monday 8 / 27 . however , the expected results were not achieved . in other words the piping did not spring back to the degree that pipe stress concerns were eliminated . we requested that a structural engineer be sent to the site immediately to evaluate the integrity of the piping . he was on location thursday morning ( 8 / 29 ) . in a phone conversation with phil dickenson ( trigon structural engineer ) he mentioned that his immediate concern was how this much displacement could not induce high stresses . however , no pipe coating cracks were visible so he wanted an opportunity to input the data in a model and evaluate prior to making any recommendations . he did offer , that at a minimum , we stand a good chance of exceeding the . 5 design factor , but without reviewing the data further he would not commit to a conclusion . we asked that he work through the evening , if required , to provide the necessary information with regards to the pipes integrity . while waiting on trigons report , we notified the team and asked that they contact foutz & bursham ( local pipeline contractor ) and get an evaluation from them on the estimated down time it would require in a worst case scenario to make the repairs / replacements . ( 4 to 5 days ) we then requested that the roswell cdc ( ernie delossantos ) determine the availability of approximately 150 " of x 42 356 wall 10 " pipe , 12 ea . y 42 365 wall 90 ' s , and 1 ea . y 42 365 wall 45 . ( all material is available at redman supply in farmington )
conclusion :
mr . dickenson called with the results this morning and informed us that we appear to be exceeding allowable stress levels . the stress levels calculated by dickinson were in excess of yield as follows : 1 . 09 % of smys at the connection between the recycle / surge line and the discharge header , and 1 . 01 % of smys at the elbow immediately outside the building wall on the 10 " recycle line . his recommendation was that the piping be cut and re - welded to return the piping to a lower stress condition and that suitable pipe supports , not subject to subsidence , be provided .
conference calls with engineering ( spalding , eisenstein , rance , pebdani , minnoti ? ? ? ) were set up to review the data with mr . dickenson and it was decided to have greg mcilwain on location monday in conjunction with mike mccracken to initiate the necessary repairs . after much discussion with dickenson with regards to the modeling performed , engineering indicated that the system is operational and therefore we will remain loaded until early next week when repairs are made . the repairs will be isolated to the # 3 unit only so , the downtime is not expected to exceed 2 days ( 48 hours ) . however , furhter evaluation by mcilwain will confirm timelines .
if anyone has questions through the weekend prior to mondays call , i can be reached at 520 - 853 - 3253 .