Subject: efcu e - survey response
enron federal credit union
e - survey response
we recently asked you to participate in the efcu 2001 e - survey . more than 3 , 000 enron employees took the time to respond to our survey . your honest opinions and time are appreciated and will help us continue to bring you products and services that you deem important in your life , as well as the service that you expect .
we are pleased to report these areas where you have had a positive experience ( based on good , very good , and excellent ratings ) , in comparison to last year ' s ratings :
2001 2000
friendliness 88 % 84 %
courtesy 89 % 84 %
knowledge / training 86 % 80 %
range of services 87 % 82 %
saving interest rates 66 % 60 %
loan interest rates 65 % 58 %
quality of service 88 % 84 %
communications 84 % 79 %
web portal 72 % n / a
service wait time 79 % 68 %
of course , there is always room for improvement . based on your written comments , we have determined these areas where we would like to improve :
atm access - we are working with various vendors to develop a program that offers you more free atm access options and hope to be able to offer this program soon . we will let you know as soon as a program is available . in the meantime , members are encouraged to get cash one of these ways to avoid fees :
- use your visa check card to get cash back at merchants . these are fee - free transactions .
- use our atm in the lobby of the enron building or 3 allen center , or try the approximate 100 fee - free atms in the houston area that display the select atm logo ( visit enronfcu . com for locations ) .
- visit one of our service center branches ( visit enronfcu . com for locations ) .
- we will also waive our fee on 3 unaffiliated atm transactions per month .
phone accessibility - in january 2001 , we established a phone center to answer incoming calls to our main number . an automated system initially prompts you , but the option to speak to a live operator is available . your call may be forwarded to an efcu representative , and you may get voice mail . in this instance , we will return your call as soon as possible .
should you get voice mail , it will help us process your request more efficiently if you leave your name , phone number , member number and the nature of your call . you may also contact us via e - mail at efcu @ enron . com , and we will respond as soon as possible .
wait lines - unfortunately , due to space constraints , we are unable to expand our financial services area ( new accounts ) right now . we do recognize that this does at times cause a back up and apologize for the inconvenience . we are making plans to expand when possible .
we added several tellers this year to help the traffic flow in the teller area and are now filled to capacity at all stations . as you know , the teller lines are sometimes heavy on paydays . to help minimize your wait time , here are a few other options to handle your transactions :
- make deposits & withdrawals at our atms in the enron building lobby or 3 allen center . deposits are retrieved between 2 : 30 and 3 : 00 p . m . and are posted the same day .
- make deposits at our night drop box on the 3 rd floor of the enron building , outside of the efcu front doors . the night drop box is checked throughout the day and transactions are posted the same day if received by 5 : 00 p . m .
- sign up for direct deposit . it ' s convenient , fast and safe . go to ehronline . enron . com to sign up .
- sign up for quicklink - internet account access . quicklink is free and allows you to verify cleared checks and posted deposits , transfer funds and more , all from the convenience of your computer . sign up at enronfcu . com .
- sign up for quickteller - automated phone system . quickteller is also a free service that allows you to perform all of the same functions as quicklink , but by telephone . go to enronfcu . com to sign up .
thank you again for your feedback . we look forward to the opportunity to bring you more of the latest financial services as they become available in the market .