Subject: canadian gas potential committee article
note : this summary of the canadian gas potential committee report outlines
the basic downside analysis of the reserves that exist in the alaskan frontier
as well as the coalbed methane gas . there will much discussion on this topic
over the next few months . anyone that wants a copy of the entire canadian
gas potential committee report should contact me at 402 - 398 - 7573 or go to
the following web site : www . . com when our internet capability
returns . lorna
energy insight news for thursday , september 20 , 2001 :
expectations fall for canada ' s natural gas ' frontier '
canada ' s arctic north may not be north america ' s next big natural
gas - producing basin after all .
in what one geologist said was a " major , major " reduction in estimated
natural gas potential , the canadian gas potential committee - a volunteer
group of 50 geologists and other professionals who assess canada ' s
undiscovered gas potential - last week reported that canada ' s frontier basins ,
which include the arctic and mackenzie delta regions , may hold no more than
60 to 65 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) of gas that ultimately could make it to
market .
the new estimate falls short of previous estimates that 300 to 400 tcf of
gas could be found in the beaufort basin , the arctic islands and mackenzie
corridor . it was those estimates that helped encourage geologists , producers
and a number of u . s . - based power plant developers to consider the north as
almost a second western canadian sedimentary basin ( wcsb ) . gas from that
historically prolific yet now declining basin makes up around 15 % of u . s .
imports .
" we thought the gas was greener , " said rob woronuk , a senior analyst with
the canadian gas potential committee .
still more potentially bad news came from the committee ' s report .
in what woronuk said was an " embarrassment , " the committee has now decided
that canadian coalbed methane may have less of a role to play than was
previously thought .
the committee reversed the findings of its 1997 report that estimated
coalbed methane could account for up to 270 tcf of canada ' s overall 570 tcf
natural gas resource .
read the entire story at http : / / www . energyinsight . com