Subject: re : contract 27714 addendum
michelle ,
this language is fine . please forward the addendum at your convenience .
best regards
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 04 : 25 pm
to : smith , david l .
subject : re : contract 27714 addendum
david ,
here is legal ' s spin on the amendment . . . can you guys work with this ? do
you know the upstream contract number ? thanks .
for the term of this amendment , transwestern agrees to provide a credit
to the shipper for quantities that could not be scheduled hereunder due
to an event of force majeure , as reasonably determined by transwestern ,
on contract no . _ _ _ ( upstream contract ) rendering the supplies
unavailable . the amount of the credit will be calculated by multiplying
the quantities made unavailable by the discounted rate .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dlsmith @ pplweb . com [ mailto : dlsmith @ pplweb . com ]
sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 35 pm
to : lokay , michelle
cc : 610 ; jacammarano @ pplweb . com
subject : contract 27714 addendum
michelle ,
here is a quick paragraph that i think addresses the force majuere
issue . joe
is out this afternoon and may inject his thoughts so let ' s touch base on
monday . have a good weekend , i hope the dentist was kind !
best regards
david
7 . for the term of this amendment , transwestern agrees to provide a
credit
to the shipper for quantities made unavailable due to an event of force
majuere
declared solely by transwestern . the amount of the credit will be
calculated
by multiplying the quantities made unavailable by the discounted rate .
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may
contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended
recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly
prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for
the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message .
this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an
acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract
between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any
other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by
estoppel or otherwise . thank you .
