Subject: security update
enron has been increasing security at its facilities around the world . some of the changes took effect immediately ( e . g . additional security personnel ) and some are phasing in . while not all of the changes will be visible , there are a few that will have an impact on everyday activities . in all the steps we take and recommendations we make , we will be making our facilities and systems more secure and endeavoring to increase your sense of security , while doing our best to minimize disruption to our day - to - day business .
primary responsibility for enron corp . security resides in our business controls organization . you can contact this organization through their website ( ) , by phone ( 713 - 345 - 2804 ) , or by email ( corporatesecurity @ enron . com ) . john brindle , senior director , business controls , leads this organization . please feel free to provide john and his team with your comments and questions , or to report security threats .
we have two areas to update you on : changes in the access procedures for the enron center campus in houston and changes to our travel advisory .
access to the enron center
over the next few days , the following access control procedures will be instituted at the enron center ( and other facilities where practical ) :
? as employees swipe their badges at the card readers to enter the enron center , a guard will match the photo on the badge to the bearer .
? employees and contractors who forget their badges must present a valid picture id to obtain access to the enron center ( u . s . driver ' s license , u . s . or foreign passport , or some form of u . s . federal , state or local identification ) .
? visitors to the enron center must produce a valid photo id when signing in at the lobby reception desk and must completely fill out the visitor card . adult visitors without a valid photo id ( u . s . driver ' s license , u . s . or foreign passport , or some form of u . s . federal , state or local identification ) will not be allowed access to the enron center .
? visitors to enron facilities must be escorted by an enron employee or badged contractor at all times .
? visitors to the enron center will be met in the lobby by an enron employee or badged contractor , signed into a visitor ' s log at the lobby reception area by the employee or badged contractor , and escorted to their appointment . at the conclusion of the appointment , the visitor will be escorted to the lobby by an employee or badged contractor , the visitor badge collected , and the visitor signed out in the log at the plaza reception area by the escorting employee or badged contractor .
? employees are also being asked to participate in the security of their workplace by following these guidelines ; report suspicious activity to security ( phone 3 - 6300 ) , do not open secured doors for individuals unknown to you or hold doors open , allowing " tail gating " by others .
these will be the first in a series of new security procedures to be instituted at enron . we ask that all employees be patient during congested times in the lobby . as we proceed and obtain increased guard personnel and equipment , we expect the inconvenience to decrease . we hope you understand these measures are being instituted for the security of all our employees .
travel advisory update
with the beginning of retaliatory strikes , we have two important recommendations :
? while the retaliatory strikes are ongoing , corporate security recommends that travel through or to the middle east be avoided . we continue to strongly recommend that all travel during this time to afghanistan , yemen , pakistan , indonesia , iran , iraq , sudan , somalia , tajikistan , turkmenistan , georgia , and the kyrgyz republic be canceled . in addition , we recommend that planned travel to egypt , israel , gaza / west bank , jordan , lebanon , saudi arabia , syria , and algeria be very carefully considered .
? for non - u . s . citizens traveling in the united states , corporate security recommends that you carry documentation . there have been several recent reports of non - u . s . citizens who reside in the united states being questioned and asked for documentation when boarding u . s . domestic flights . as a result , we suggest that all non - u . s . citizens who currently reside in the united states - and who do not have permanent resident alien status - carry their passport , form i - 94 and form i - 797 at all times . we would also suggest that permanent resident aliens carry their permanent resident ( green ) card as proof of their status as a precautionary measure . it appears that immigration officials may be applying a section of the immigration and nationality act that requires individuals over the age of 18 to carry his / her " registration " documentation with them at all times . this can include a permanent resident card , form i - 94 card , employment authorization card , border crossing card , or a temporary resident card . immigration officials have not historically been asking domestic travelers for " registration " documentation , but in light of the heightened security measures and current atmosphere , it would be best to be prepared with all of your documentation proving your current lawful status .
we will keep you apprised of new information and developments on the corporate security website and by e - mail , as appropriate .