Subject: you are invited to cera ' s winter outlook conference call
gas market winter outlook : fundamental questions
this conference call is thursday , october 18 , at 10 : 00 a . m . and is cera ' s winter preview show . i will arrange with cera for our participation . you can call into the 800 number below if you are in houston , minneapolis or other locations . for those attending in omaha , room 697 is reserved for you . i will register for all of the ets staff , just identify yourself as enron and give your name when calling .
i hope to see you there !
lorna m . brennan
competitive intelligence
enron transportation services
omaha 402 - 398 - 7573
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
title : gas market winter outlook : fundamental questions
url ( s ) :
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35
topics
* demand : waiting for a rebound
* supply : stalling growth
* storage : reaching maximums ?
format
speakers :
bob esser , senior director and consultant
paul hoffman , associate director , north american natural gas
bryan sanderson , associate director , north american gas
jen snyder , director , north american natural gas
ed small , director , north american natural gas
time : 11 : 00 am eastern , thursday , october 18 , 2001
eligibility : clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those
who subscribe to the cera north american gas retainer advisory service .
to enroll
to enroll , please send a fax to katya ashe at ( 617 ) 497 - 0423 , or enroll via
e - mail at kashe @ cera . com before 9 : 00 a . m . , thursday , october 18 , 2001 . please
include your name , company , and telephone number with your correspondence .
enrollment is not mandatory but assists us in optimizing the conference
experience . if you are unable to pre - register , please follow the directions
below to participate on the day of the call .
follow above url and click through to the full report for instructions to
participate in the call ( audio and internet information ) .
* * end * *
e - mail category : conference call notification
cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american gas
cera ' s autumn 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas
are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event
to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :
forgot your username and password ? go to :
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot
this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information
from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is
confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,
in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .
terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos
questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com
copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates