Subject: re : firm transport on transwestern for november
ppl agrees with the suggested change in language . i have forwarded the request
for transportation service . thanks for your help .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ]
sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 11 : 49 am
to : smith , david l .
subject : firm transport on transwestern for november
transwestern is in agreement with extending your firm transport from
griffith to pg & e , with alternate delivery at southwest gas . the term is
november for 15 , 000 at a rate of . 05 , all inclusive with zero fuel .
regulatory needs a paragraph substitution ( see below ) and unfortunately
contracts will issue a new number because of the changes . please submit
a new service request and i will approve . thanks .
substitute :
" for the term of this amendment , if any quantities nominated by shipper
hereunder cannot be scheduled because of an event of force majeure ,
transwestern shall further discount the rate applicable to such
quantities nominated but not scheduled to zero . "
in place of :
for the term of this amendment , transwestern agrees to provide an
additional discount to the shipper for quantities that could not be
scheduled hereunder due to an event of force majeure , as reasonably
determined by transwestern , rendering the supplies unavailable . the
additional discount will be an amount equal to any quantities made
unavailable multiplied by the discounted rate .
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may
contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended
recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly
prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for
the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at
enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message .
this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an
acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract
between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any
other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by
estoppel or otherwise . thank you .
