Subject: elm finance course offerings
take advantage of the following courses remaining for 2001 .
electric business understanding - november 27
the electric business understanding seminar will give a basic overview of the electric business for those with limited knowledge of this industry . this seminar is recommended for entry level to mid - level employees in either the gas or electric business or in businesses providing services to these industries .
understanding swaps - november 8 & 9 and december 13 & 14
this course is appropriate for all employees wishing to obtain a practical understanding of the basic natural gas and power derivative structures that are traded and marketed today . an emphasis is placed on understanding how financial tools are added to physical structures to meet the risk management needs of clients .
understanding options - november 27 & 28 and december 18 & 19
this course builds on our derivatives 1 program and is appropriate for all employees looking to extend their knowledge of basic derivatives . swaps and options are revisited , but from a more sophisticated perspective . option pricing concepts are approached pragmatically , both from the trading and structuring / marketing perspectives . the program does not involve complex mathematics .
structuring natural gas transactions - november 19 & 20
this course builds on the di - applied energy derivatives program , focusing on deal structuring opportunities particular to the natural gas markets . participants will develop insights into the economic inter - relationships between the physical operations ( pipelines , storage , generation , etc . ) and their synthetic financial counterparts ( basis , time spread and multi - fuel derivatives ) . emphasis is directed at identifying marketing opportunities that follow from these concepts . this is not an introduction to natural gas markets .
for enrollment , or more information on these courses , please log on to http : / / elm . enron . com .