Subject: t , h : eyeforenergy update
for the first update of 2002 , we bring you a case study ( first published in
erivativesreview . com ) of how a hypothetical power distribution company was
able to protect itself against weather - related variable earnings by the use
of weather risk analysis and hedge transactions . this is a very interesting
article which , although based on the concept of weather risk for an energy
company , could be equally relevant to a huge number of industries . scroll
down a little for the link to the full story . . .
also , if you are or are likely to be involved in weather trading or indeed
any form of risk management , you might like to check out what will be going
on at our upcoming conferences , taking place in amsterdam in february . more
details are available further down in this update . . .
and finally , of course , all of us at eyeforenergy wish our readers a very
happy new year and hope that it will be a prosperous and gratifying one for
all of you !
bruno russell
bruno @ eyeforenergy . com
contents :
- article : weather hedging at the hot air gas company
( based on a true story of weather hedging )
- events rundown
- recent headlines
article : weather hedging at the hot air gas company
( based on a true story of weather hedging )
the hot air gas company rises in a warm winter - based on a true story of
weather hedging . . .
the hot air gas company ( hagc ) distributes gas to homes and commercial sites
in canada , just across the border from the us city of frozen falls . in these
northern latitudes , the normally cold winters generate strong sales for the
company . however , the company , because it has weather sensitive revenue , has
a natural " weather bet " . through the warm winters of 1997 - 1998 , 1998 - 1999
and 1999 - 2000 for example , the company struggled against declining sales and
weak revenues , and lost the bet . the winter of 2000 - 2001 was different : it
was so much colder than the long - term average of weather , that the company ' s
revenue was quite good - that is , the company won the bet . . . .
read the full article here :
events rundown
* eeo europe : energy trading in the new economy
amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002
following up for our sell - out conference in phoenix , december 2001 that was
attended by over 250 ceo ' s , senior executives and press , and energy
exchanges online ii : energy trading in the new economy usa ( september
2001 ) , eyeforenergy brings you the premier networking and discussion
conference for the energy trading community . meet , do business and discuss
the big issues over 2 days with the leaders in energy trading in amsterdam .
to find out more information , including discounts for pre - registration ,
speaking , sponsoring and exhibiting opportunities , click here :
http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / eurotrading /
* emissions trading 2002
okura hotel , amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002
emissions trading options are ripe for the picking - so how can you make
sure you ' re ready to profit from ghg ? let ' s face it - you can ' t really
afford not to be , especially as the world bank has estimated demand in the
international ghg trading system to be in the order of us $ 20 billion per
annum by 2010 .
eyeforenergy is delighted to bring you this event which will focus on how
you can best seize this exciting new market opportunity . as ever , the
conference will be driven by the industry leaders in this arena , backed up
by expert advice from those helping the indsutry make the right moves in
emissions .
click here for further information :
http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / emissions /
* weather trading 2002
okura hotel , amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002
today ' s business is all about risk and how to mitigate it . weather
derivatives has become one of the key tools industries as wide ranging at
utilities , airlines , and agriculture have at hand to off - set risks
associated with temperature and precipitation . with over 70 % of europe ' s
companies facing weather - related risk , knowing about the latest advances in
weather trading is a necessity .
eyeforenergy ' s latest event will be run in conjunction with our european
online trading conference , energy trading in the new economy , and
eyeforenergy ' s emissions trading 2002 event , so you can learn about the
latest developments in energy and emissions trading all under one roof .
click here for further information :
http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / weather /
* the business of fuel cells for transportation
dearborn hotel , detroit , michigan
april 30 - may 1 , 2002
as manufacturers are increasingly developing technologies with the energy
industry , the auto industry is globalising at an unprecedented rate and both
oems and suppliers are renegotiating their alternative vehicle programs .
this event will examine all possible applications in teh transport industry
including synergies with hybrid automobiles and the potentially lucrative
apu market .
fueling infrastructure will also be covered and , with bp recently launching
hydrogen fueling stations in singapore , this issure could not be more timely
or pertinent . if you have a story to tell , a product to promote or would
simply like to get the full lowdown on the movers and shakers in the
industry then , if you ' re not already in detroit , you ' ll certainly want to be
there in april 2002 .
for more information , please visit :
http : / / www . eyeforfuelcells . com /
latest headlines
pacificorp changes horses on priest rapids hydroelectric project
texas ready for deregulation ; puc puts stamp of approval on state plans
txu taps into enron ' s west texas wind
brazil ' s aneel taps into 23 more wind projects
this update is provided as part of the free eyeforenergy briefing service .
in addition to these updates , you will receive a comprehensive newsletter
every
other week , with fresh in - depth analysis , reports and insights into the
issues currently affecting different areas of the energy industry .
to subscribe ,
email :
or alternatively send a message to
to unsubscribe ,
email :
or alternatively send a message to
