Subject: from cindy olson , community relations : body shop reopening
good news for body shop members ! the body shop will reopen monday , january 7 , 2002 . while we recognize that the body shop is a tremendous asset to all of our employees ' health and wellness , we must reopen it without an enron subsidy . therefore , the membership fee will increase from $ 25 to $ 30 per month for all enron employees and contractors . spouse memberships will remain at $ 15 per month . locker fees will remain at $ 10 per month and members may keep their current locker . ( if you emptied your locker after the body shop closed in december , please notify the body shop reception desk that you would like to reoccupy it . )
the overall price increase , coupled with reduced expenses , will enable the body shop to reopen and remain open on a cash - neutral basis to meet creditors ' requirements . payroll deductions will be reactivated with the january 15 th payroll and will include the increased fee . if you do not wish to continue your membership , please contact the body shop to cancel your membership via email only at . membership information and enrollment forms can be accessed below :
the body shop ' s new hours will be 6 : 00 a . m . - 7 : 00 p . m . monday through thursday , and 6 : 00 a . m . - 6 : 00 p . m . on friday . saturday hours are not offered at this time .
although laundry service has been discontinued , towels will continue to be available for your convenience . once the ongoing membership base and associated revenues have been stabilized to support staffing and housekeeping , exercise classes will be scheduled . we anticipate exercise classes to be available within a few weeks . massage therapy services will continue and are available by appointment by calling extension 3 - 3047 .
whether you are a continuing member or considering new membership , there is no better time for you to take advantage of the body shop and to take care of your personal health and well being than right now , at the beginning of 2002 .
your continued support is greatly appreciated .