Subject: re : procedures for transwestern gas control / marketing morning
meetings
please ignore the previous memo . i had a wrong date in it . thanks . lynn
the following is the procedure gas logistics and marketing have agreed to beginning this weekend to
segregate the tw and nng morning meeting .
1 . tw will have their morning meeting in ebl 336 mondy through friday at 8 : 00 a . m . beginning , monday , january 21 , 2002 . tw schedulers will attend this meeting .
2 . gas logistics will be sure either steve january , darrell schoolcraft or gary spraggins is in attendance for gas control and either lynn blair , terry kowalke or john buchanan is in attendance for scheduling discussions .
3 . on fridays at 3 : 00 p . m . , beginning friday , january 18 , 2002 , there will be a meeting in ebl 336 to review any tw issues for the weekend . marketing and gas logistics will be in attendance .
4 . beginning this weekend , saturday , january 12 , 2002 , on saturday and sunday , if there are any tw issues that need to be discuss , gas logistics will call the appropriate marketing on call person after the nng 8 : 00 morning meeting .
5 . nng will continue to have their marketing / gas logistics morning meeting in eb 42 c 2 monday through friday and the conference call at 8 : 00 a . m . on satruday and sunday .
6 . the tw schedulers will attend the meeting at ebl 336 monday through friday . on saturday and sunday , they will be in the nng morning meeting conference call and stay on the line for the tw meeting if it is necessary to have one . we are continuing to include the tw schedulers on the conference call due to discussions about system issues which impact both pipelines .
if anyone has any questions , or would like to discuss any changes , please let kim watson or i know and we can certainly look at other options .
i apologize this did not get started this last friday , but i believe everyone has it on their calendars now .
thanks for everyones help and support to come up with a solution that hopefully works for all .
lynn