Subject: as a promising energy professional . . .
industry sources have identified you as a promising energy professional and we invite you to join our free and exclusive spencer stuart talent network ( sstn ) member database . sstn is a leadership development and recruitment service from one of the premier executive search firms in the world . we invite you to register today at http : / / www . spencerstuart . com / ? promocode = energy
as you may know , spencer stuart is one of the world ' s most exclusive executive search firms . spencerstuart . com is our award winning web site and it leverages the quality senior - level relationships and expertise that have been spencer stuart ' s hallmark for over 45 years . as one of the world ' s most experienced and trusted executive recruitment firms , we ' ll provide access to the world ' s best clients and most desirable positions .
it takes only ten minutes to join this community of rising stars . you will be asked to complete a simple four - step registration process . register today and you ' ll immediately gain access to a wealth of leadership development and recruitment services .
if you have registered , we thank you . you have already taken a major step on your path to professional development and we look forward to providing compelling leadership development and recruitment services to enrich your career endeavors .
if you haven ' t registered yet , please note that membership with spencerstuart . com is free and is the most effective way for us to alert you of new opportunities , whether you are actively looking or just curious about what ' s available in the marketplace . you will also be able to leverage the wealth of career advice and resources available right on the site .
so , spend your next ten minutes planning your next ten years .
register today at http : / / www . spencerstuart . com / registration / content / en / us / calltoregister . asp ? promocode = energy
best wishes ,
the spencer stuart talent network team
ps - be sure to pass this on to interested friends or associates .
to unsubscribe from this list , reply to this message with " remove " in the subject line .