Subject: fw : socalgas / sdg hass , glen ; harris , steven ; kilmer iii , robert
cc : gregg klatt
subject : socalgas / sdg & e bcaps - - alj brown denies ega motion to strike
alj brown denied the ega motion to strike , so testimony on both the embedded cost - based and the long - run marginal cost - based ( lrmc ) methodologies for revenue allocation among customer classes will be allowed in this proceeding . attached is a copy of her ruling . her primary rationale is expressed on page 6 , as follows :
" . . . . . the commission has frequently deviated from cost allocations based solely on lrmc , and has been moving towards embedded costs for unbundled transmission and storage functions , as evidenced in both the recent decision in the gir , and in the gas accord for pg & e . therefore , it is apparent that the commission is interested in comparing lrmc and embedded cost for cost allocation purposes . for this reason , ega ' s motion to strike testimony on embedded cost - based allocation is denied . testimony on embedded costs will be compared with the testimony on lrmc , to enable parties and the commission to determine which method , or combination of methods , is most appropriate for allocation among customers of each utilities ' non - gas costs of service . including an embedded cost analysis in this bcap might require more work from all the parties , but the record will then be as complete as possible so that the commission can make a well - informed decision . "
she also ruled that , " the evidentiary hearing schedule of may 21 through june 14 , 2002 , is not suspended at this time . no later than january 22 , 2002 , parties are to meet and confer to determine if a shift in the filing dates for testimony will be sufficient to meet the needs of the parties ' to respond to the march amendments to biennial cost allocation proceeding applications , and keep the established hearing schedule . "
dan
law offices of daniel w . douglass
5959 topanga canyon blvd . suite 244
woodland hills , ca 91367
tel : ( 818 ) 596 - 2201
fax : ( 818 ) 346 - 6502 douglass @ energyattorney . com
- cpucol - # 114281 - vl - aol 09024 _ aol 10005 _ brown _ ruling _ ( 1 ) . doc