Subject: energy , emissions and weather trading europe 2002
three trading conferences under one roof . . .
at the hotel okura , amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002
over 70 % of european companies
face weather - related risk
today ' s business has become all about risk and how to mitigate it . weather derivatives have become one of the key tools industries as wide ranging as utilities , airlines , agriculture have at hand to offset risks associated with temperature and precipitation .
so how do you take advantage of this new market in weather trading that has emerged in europe ? what key issues do you have to be aware of to mitigate your operational and trading risks through weather ? amsterdam will be the place for traders , marketers , exchanges , brokers , and executives powering the weather trading industry to network with each other .
speakers at this event will include :
aquila , systeia capital management , mirant , liffe , element re , entergy - koch trading , risk management solutions , centrica , utilicorp , weatherxchange , aon capital markets and many more . . .
click a link to find out more :
ubs warburg estimates that profits
from european power trading alone
will top $ 2 . 4 billion in 2002
add natural gas and oil and you ' re looking at a huge pot of pure profit , only available to those companies that know how to best take advantage of the rise of deregulation and online trading in the european market .
now in its 3 rd year , this is the conference where the european energy industry talks about the business of energy trading . case studies from traders , brokers , online exchanges and energy companies to help you stay at the forefront of the exploding energy trading market .
speakers at this event will include :
dynegy , altra energy , om group , powergen , bergen - energi , amsterdam power exchange , rwe trading , endesa , the utilities exchange , txu , schlumbergersema
and many more . . .
click a link to find out more :
" carbon credits represent a significant asset that companies ignore at their peril "
jonathan johns , ernst & young
emission trading options are ripe for the picking - but how can you make sure you ' re ready to profit from ghg ? let ' s face it - you really can ' t afford not to be , especially as the world bank has estimated demand in the international ghg trading system to be in the order of us $ 20 billion per annum by 2010 .
eyeforenergy is delighted to bring you this event which will focus on how you can best seize this exciting new market opportunity .
speakers at this event will include :
bp , european commission , shell , amerada hess , powergen , rms , fortum , natsource , rmc group , ecosecurities , rolls royce , kfw , point carbon , ieta , transalta , uk dept of environment , and many more . . .
click a link to find out more :
" congratulations on a successful conference ! i found it extremely worthwhile . the structure and content were well - balanced , the organisation tight , the venue first - class and the discussion , both in and out of the conference hall , interesting and valuable . "
ian french , frost & sullivan , europe
all three events will take place at the hotel okura , amsterdam on the 19 - 21 february 2002
click here to visit the information website for all three events
sponsors :
_ _ _ _ _
media sponsors :
( c ) eyeforenergy 2002
all enquiries regarding this email should be sent to events @ eyeforenergy . com