Subject: aquila storage
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : taylor , gina
sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 2 : 53 pm
to : gadd , eric ; hyatt , kevin
subject : fw : clip
fyi . . .
gina
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : bwho [ mailto : bwho @ bizwire . com ]
sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 2 : 48 pm
to : taylor , gina
subject : clip
press release : utilicorp unit to develop ariz . facility > ucu
jan 31 at 15 : 20
( bw ) ( mo - aquila ) ( ucu ) aquila set to develop arizona gas storage facility
business editors
kansas city , mo . - - ( business wire ) - - jan . 31 , 2002 - - aquila , the wholly owned
subsidiary of utilicorp united ( nyse : ucu ) , announced today that it has
purchased the red lake storage project from southwest gas corporation .
the purchase includes 36 , 000 acres approximately 30 miles north of kingman ,
arizona , and the rights to develop a salt cavern storage facility . along with
the land , aquila purchased the water and mineral rights necessary to develop the
facility .
the facility will have a gas storage capacity of 12 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) .
the first phase of the facility , with a storage capacity of 6 bcf , is expected
to be in operation by the fourth quarter of 2003 , with the full 12 bcf planned
for the fourth quarter of 2004 . the facility will connect to pipelines operated
by el paso natural gas pipeline and transwestern pipeline company . aquila
anticipates beginning an open season for the facility within the next seven to
ten days . in an open season period a company seeks storages commitments from
potential clients .
" this facility fits with our strategy to build or acquire assets that enable
us to provide clients with the energy they need when they encounter dramatic
increases in demand , " said ed mills , president and chief operating officer of
aquila .
the facility is positioned to serve arizona power plants , as well as other
facilities in nevada and california . there are approximately 60 gas - fired power
plants in arizona , representing one of the largest single concentrations of such
facilities in the united states
" southwest gas corporation is pleased to see the red lakes storage project
being developed , " said ed zub , executive vice president of southwest gas
corporation . " development of this project will benefit the states of arizona and
nevada where southwest gas corporation serves more than 1 . 1 million customers . "
aquila currently owns one of the largest independent storage facilities in the
southwest , a 21 bcf facility in katy , texas . the company is also currently
completing the acquisition of a storage facility near lodi , california , which
will provide gas to the frequently energy - short cities in northern california .
with the addition of the red lake storage project , aquila will be one of the
largest independent storage providers for power plants and local gas
distribution companies in the southwest .
based in kansas city , aquila is a leading wholesaler of natural gas , power and
coal in north america and provider of risk management services . aquila also
provides wholesale energy and risk management services in the united kingdom ,
germany and scandinavia . aquila is wholly owned by kansas city - based utilicorp
united , an international energy company with 4 million customers across the u . s .
and in canada , the united kingdom , new zealand and australia . additional
information is available at www . aquila . com , or contact mark d . cook at 816 / 527 -
1369 .
- - 30 - - lvd / dx *
contact : aquila
media contact :
al butkus , 816 / 467 - 3616
media relations , 816 / 467 - 3000
investor contact :
ellen fairchild , 816 / 527 - 1409
keyword : missouri arizona california nevada united kingdom germany new zealand
australia international europe asia pacific canada
industry keyword : energy oil / gas utilities
source : aquila today ' s news on the net - business wire ' s full file on the
internet
with hyperlinks to your home page .
url : http : / / www . businesswire . com
( end ) dow jones news 01 - 31 - 02
03 : 20 pm
company symbols : ucu
subject codes : i / elc i / uec n / djn n / djwi n / cnw n / djwb n / lng n / prl n / tpct n / wei
m / nnd m / tpx m / uti p / nrg r / mo r / napw r / nerc r / nme r / spp r / us
r / usc pr / excl