Subject: fw : article
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : taylor , gina
sent : friday , february 15 , 2002 4 : 20 pm
to : harris , steven ; hyatt , kevin
subject : article
i wanted to be sure you saw this .
gina
development of sonoran pipeline project halted
02 / 15 / 2002
pr newswire
( copyright ( c ) 2002 , pr newswire )
houston , feb . 15 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - kinder morgan energy partners , l . p . ( nyse : kmp ) and calpine corporation ( nyse : cpn ) today announced the termination of the proposed sonoran pipeline project . the sonoran pipeline was unable to secure sufficient binding commitments to make a successful project given market conditions . securing firm transportation agreements was a stipulation that executives of both companies initially stated was necessary before development of the project could begin . neither company has spent significant dollars on the proposed development of the pipeline and it was not expected to begin service until 2004 .
both kmp and calpine will continue to evaluate other opportunities to serve the growing california market .
phase i of the proposed sonoran pipeline would have extended from the blanco hub and terminated near needles and topock , calif . , with the possibility of a second phase extending into northern california .
based in san jose , calif . , calpine corporation is an independent power company that is dedicated to providing customers with clean , efficient , natural gas - fired power generation . it generates and markets power , through plants it develops , owns and operates , in 29 states in the united states , three provinces in canada and in the united kingdom . calpine also is the world ' s largest producer of renewable geothermal energy , and it owns 1 . 3 trillion cubic feet equivalent of proved natural gas reserves in canada and the united states . the company was founded in 1984 and is publicly traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol cpn . for more information about calpine , visit its website at www . calpine . com .
kinder morgan energy partners , l . p . is the nation ' s largest pipeline master limited partnership with an enterprise value of approximately $ 9 billion . kmp owns and operates more than 20 , 000 miles of pipelines and over 70 terminals . its pipelines transport more than two million barrels per day of gasoline and other petroleum products and up to 4 . 3 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas . its terminals handle over 50 million tons of coal and other bulk materials annually and have a liquids storage capacity of more than 53 million barrels for petroleum products and chemicals . kmp is also the leading provider in the u . s . of co 2 , which is used in enhanced oil recovery projects .