Subject: firm rec / del questions from potential aquila red lake shippers
the question below was forwarded to me by aquila . the question ( in red ) is from ppl . what would be tw ' s strategy and can someone get back with ppl ?
thanks
kh
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : cook , mark [ mailto : mcook @ utilicorp . com ]
sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 4 : 05 pm
to : hyatt , kevin
subject : fw : red lake info
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : bohne , kevin
sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 2 : 31 pm
to : cook , mark
subject : fw : red lake info
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dlsmith @ pplweb . com [ mailto : dlsmith @ pplweb . com ]
sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 2 : 31 pm
to : kbohne @ utilicorp . com
subject : re : red lake info
kevin , thanks for the document we will have it reviewed in the event ppl
opts to
use it to meet any credit requirements .
i do have one question that might have been addressed at the informational
sessions . based on the open season documents , red lake will interconnect
with
both el paso and tw at a minimum , with other points to be determined based
on
interest . i was wondering if there had been any discussions with either
pipeline
about the impact of adding this interconnection . i know that may be a loaded
questions , but based on historic flows , in order to guarantee firm
deliveries
from that receipt point , a shipper would have to move its primary receipt
point
to the red lake interconnection ( from say san juan or east of thoreau areas
on
tw ) or negotiate alternate arrangements with the pipelines . sorry for the
rambling question , but in valuating the asset , the question of
transportation
inevitably comes up .
thanks
david
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kbohne @ utilicorp . com [ mailto : kbohne @ utilicorp . com ]
sent : wednesday , march 06 , 2002 3 : 11 pm
to : smith , david l .
subject : red lake info
david ,
here is the form that i promised . i hope that this helps and sorry for the
inconvenience . please do not hesitate to contact me with any other
questions . >
kevin p . bohne
aquila
( 816 ) 701 - 6298
kbohne @ utilicorp . com