Subject: t , h : eyeforenergy update
welcome to this week ' s eyeforenergy update . just to refresh your memories ,
this update is sent to you , alternating each week with the main eyeforenergy
briefing to let you know of any developments on the eyeforenergy . com
website , including publication of new stories , whitepapers and special
features , as well as the latest news on our upcoming conferences .
if you visit our homepage www . eyeforenergy . com , you will see that our newest
featured content is a special report , commissioned by norsk hydro asa and
produced by the center for international climate and environmental research
- oslo . this takes a look at the current status of climate negotiations and
the kyoto agreement , particularly after cop 7 towards the end of last year .
it ' s most interesting aspect for eyeforenergy readers is how it takes a look
at implications for business in terms of compliance , mechanisms and funding ,
even for countries which have chosen not to ratify kyoto such as the usa .
scroll down the page to read the full report . . .
on the same subject , early discounted registration is now available for our
co 2 trading : the north american market conference , 18 - 20 june in chicago ,
which already has companies such as dupont , entergy , transalta , natsource ,
entergy and cinergy on board . look out for the full program for this event ,
which will be published on our website tomorrow . we can also announce that
the number of industries who will be talking about their energy management
strategies for the first time at strategy energy management usa is growing ,
including the likes of international paper , north star steel , nestl ? and
more . keep an eye on future eyeforenergy updates for more information as it
becomes available .
lastly , we are now taking early no - obligation applications for our
forthcoming members only premium content subscription area , which will
entitle you to a discount off the already very low price . see down for
further details . . .
bruno russell
mailto : bruno @ eyeforenergy . com
contents :
- new article - an evaluation of business implications of the kyoto
protocol
- apply early for eyeforenergy premium content and receive a discount
- events update - new case studies for strategic energy management
- recent headlines
new whitepaper
an evaluation of business implications of the kyoto protocol
this report was originally commissioned by norsk hydro asa , and it ' s aim is
to present and analyze the newest developments in the climate negotiations ,
particularly the seventh conference of the parties to the climate convention
in marrakech , morocco , in october / november 2001 , and to provide an
evaluation of what the finalized kyoto protocol means for business .
eyeforenergy thanks and acknowledges the author dr asbj ? rn torvanger
( asbjorn . torvanger @ cicero . uio . no ) and cicero ( center for international
climate and environmental research - oslo ) , on whose website it was
originally presented .
click here to read the full article :
apply early for eyeforenergy premium content and receive a discount :
we will very shortly be launching our first ever members only premium
content area on the website . this subscription - based service is aimed at
those who wish to have access to the wealth of the exclusive and up - to - date
information , case studies , company strategies and knowledge which are
presented at eyeforenergy conferences . as well as having access a community
for subscribers to easily find and contact each other , you will have full
and unrestricted access to full conference proceedings , including speaker
presentations and transcriptions of speeches and panel discussions .
furthermore , any paying subscriber will get a full refund on their fee if
they purchase an eyeforenergy conference pass within their annual
subscription period . alternatively , subscription is free for a year to all
our paying conference delegates .
a year ' s subscription will be worth us $ 400 per annum , but if you are
thinking of subscribing and let us know before the launch at the end of
march , we can offer you a $ 50 discount off this low price . simply complete
this form to be kept informed of the launch details :
events update
* energy exchanges online iii
sheraton hotel , new orleans
19 - 21 september , 2002
now in its 3 rd year ! ! energy trading has never been more important or more
important than today . new systems and software continue come onto the
market . . . market leaders find themselves out of business . . . trading
portfolios continue to expand into new energy types and new derivatives . . .
where can you go to network with the important players in the field ? where
can you get expert appraisal of your risk strategies ? where can you find out
about the latest trading tools that can make your operations more efficient
and more secure ? the answer is new orleans this september at the energy
exchanges online conference and exhibition .
for more information , go to :
http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / eeo 3
* co 2 trading 2002 : the north american market
the radisson hotel , chicago
19 - 21 june 2002
thank you to everyone who has already registered an interest in the
forthcoming co 2 trading 2002 : the north american market - june 18 - 20 ,
radisson hotel , chicago . the program is just one week away from being
finalized and the brochure with full details will be mailed out mid - march .
if you haven ' t yet requested a copy please do so now by completing the form
at www . eyeforenergy . com / co 2 .
interest is also mounting in the attached exhibition . space is strictly
limited to 20 stands , continuing eyeforenergy ' s tradition of offering a high
quality , industry led conference with a focused , relevant exhibition
creating an ideal environment for networking in coffee breaks . applications
to exhibit should be made to robert wolstenholme , sales manager , on + 44 20
7375 7195 , mailto : bobw @ eyeforenergy . com .
please send any program / speaker enquiries to sarah robinson , conference
director , on + 44 20 7375 7555 , mailto : srobinson @ eyeforenergy . com .
* strategic energy management usa 2002
park hyatt hotel , philadelphia
24 - 25 june 2002
energy management has never been more important than today . as the energy
sector continues to deregulate , energy managers are finding themselves
increasingly faced with new players , new tools and new choices . a solid
strategy which can navigate the challenges of intense competition , online
developments and a volatile market supply is crucial to your business .
this june in philadelphia , and for the first time ever , all the major
industries will be discussing their energy management strategies .
international paper , north star steel , the children ' s hospital of
philadelphia and nestl ? are just some of the companies who will outline how
they purchase and manage their energy supplies . if you are involved in
energy procurement , make sure you ' re in philadelphia this june at the
strategic energy management usa conference and exhibition .
to find out more or get involved , simply register your interest at
http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / sem , email meabh quoirin at
mailto : mquoirin @ eyeforenergy . com or call + 44 20 7375 7158 .
latest headlines
shareholders bless conoco - phillips merger
energy virtual partners open for business , offer asset management solution
hyprotech , sulphur experts announce breakthrough in gas processing
technology
environmental report one third of us plants given a free ride on pollution
dark cloud covers florida solar initiatives
bofa taps former enron power traders , enters volatile market
sec snares , sets sights on hanover compressor
bp pushing the envelope on global warming
this update is provided as part of the free eyeforenergy briefing service .
in addition to these updates , you will receive a comprehensive newsletter
every
other week , with fresh in - depth analysis , reports and insights into the
issues currently affecting different areas of the energy industry .
to subscribe ,
email :
or alternatively send a message to
to unsubscribe ,
email :
or alternatively send a message to
