Subject: market price volatility may 1 - 3 houston
market price volatility
may 1 - 3 , 2002 o houston , tx
click here to download a complete conference brochure
this in - depth technical program will show you how to :
o how to measure , model , and estimate volatility
o how to model price volatility using financial models
o how to use blended models incorporating fundamental drivers
o how to apply volatility modeling to today ' s market conditions : full requirements contracts , operating performance of generation portfolios , impacts of iso market mitigation
infocast ' s highly regarded market price volatility is a tightly - focused program specifically designed to attack the problems of modeling volatility in today ' s energy markets . it will provide you with the tools and insights you ' ll need to get and maintain an edge in assessing and managing volatility . the program will first provide you with an in - depth examination of sound market - based analytical processes and modeling techniques to accurately represent volatility , then will show you how these techniques are being applied to solving advanced energy market problems .
topics and speakers include :
estimating and modeling electricity and fuel price volatility : a comparison of approaches
richard l . carlson , ph . d . , consulting project manager , henwood energy services , inc .
modeling volatility using multi - factor models : a practitioner ' s approach
ionel birgean , director , quantitative analysis , risk management , pg & e national energy group
market - based price forecasts : integrating fundamental and market components
sandra l . ringelstetter ennis , executive vice president , e - acumen advisory services
are price spikes in electricity markets predictable ?
yumei ning , manager , quantitative analysis , calpine corporation
working towards a realistic model to price generation assets and electricity derivatives
michael pierce , ph . d . , financial engineer , fea
modeling volatility : mirant ' s approaches
vance c . mullis , director of market evaluation tools , mirant americas
summer 2001 price volatility in new england : market rules and remedies
robert ethier , manager , market monitoring and mitigation , iso new england , inc .
an integrated approach to modeling price uncertainty
mike king , managing partner , pa consulting group
preconference workshop :
measuring , modeling and estimating price volatility
wednesday , may 1 , 2002 o 8 : 00 am - 5 : 00 pm
- defining and measuring volatility
- modeling volatility
- estimating volatility
- issues in modeling volatility
- roundtable on volatility
click here to download a complete conference brochure
presented by infocast
this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com ,
by powermarketers . com .
visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .
view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp
powered by
constant contact ( r )
www . constantcontact . com